Disney is calling it the first ever exclusively gay moment on film.
Sleeping too much or even too little can be very harmful.
When UK surgeon David Nott got emotional after reuniting with baby he helped in Syria. The Doctor moved by emotional is uncommon but I cant unmoved my prayers are with her. It hea touching moment, thank you RESPECTED DOCTOR Maitry Patel Nidhi Shah.
The US embassy in Delhi apparently told the team they had no good reason to visit Texas. Actually which is True There is no Good reason to visit US as it sucks . The US doesnt want to hu the Chinese US embassy Let them go to Brazil then ?. THE US is kowtowing to China
A recent US study said Bangkok has the worst traffic jams in the world but commuters from Manila, Mumbai and Jaka beg to disagree Rupesh Bhalerao.
My daughter got her US visa but now we are not sure whether we should even let her go. As if murders and crimes dont happen in India. One crime and all Americans are judged bad, like all Indians are judged to be rapists. Stop sensationalising. Millions of Indians are living the American dream. If one crime makes us question stop going out and stay in your well . Send her shell ok sir. Who wanted her in US. Did Trump invite her to US I have suffered worse racism by my follow indians.
The video featuring Bollywood actor Aamir Khan got 2.5 million views in 48 hours. Not just society Even women is enemy of other woman Always suppresses the week one and want to lead each other. Amir means rich, whatever he touches gets valuable Great adve isement . It good add and way to educate the people D. Preety girls. They dont love Amir they love the idea of adve isment Both son and daughter great in society. What Video Just Awesome Good way to educate people. daughter are proud
In Pakistan, Ahmed is developing growing number of suppo ers who see him as defender of Islam It is pity that Islam needs someone to defend it even in Pakistan which was made in the name of Islam, for the Muslims, the Islamic Republic of Pakistan India doesnt need to destroy pakistan Pakistan is doing that for itself Balochistan must break away from it till it has the time . Murderer is murderer, Nobody should get shelter of religion. It is not service of religion but it is poison for any religion. It is fashion in Pakistan that after commiting crime the crimnals tryes to hide themself behind the religion, sects or political parety. These all are harming Pakistan more than any enemy,. Hahaha world largest growing population need to be defended ? I hope only Islam in the world is very weak religion and need so many protections Mighty God is great, Terrorist country Pakistan they are Killing each other in the name of terrorism. Iraq and siriya finished next Pakistan.lol. it really looks the Pakistani government is totally forbidden in Muslim religion. This happens to every terrorist in Pakistan. There they are called heros not terrorist nice going man pak is the cancer that is spreading poison in the whole world In pk movie pk say to Hindu that small man save all world but it is happening in Pakistan bollywood vs Reality. Pakistan is breeding ground for terrorism. Who is this guy , we never see him on news ??. Not surprising. shot him at blank distances Who is he?.
When Jodie was three she had rare illness the treatment involved removing half of her brain.
I knew I just had to get tested rather than watch her suffer Matha, Pitha, Guru, Deivam Mother, Father, Teacher, God In Indian culture teachers are to be equally considered with parents, but none follows it these days Best teacher forever. Great teacher great sacrifice indeed
Are you aware of these symptoms? This icle gave me hea attack
Vilma Trujillo was tied up and allegedly thrown on fire in an exorcism ritual by four people led by man who said he was an evangelical pastor.
I didnt come to the industry to be treated like piece of meat. Casting couch culture is endemic all over the world . India is is exception only in the sense they overly try to present themselves as touch me nots or holy But she acts like one. Pich any of her movie she is fat and all her fat layers are visible with no acting People like are doing injustice to vulnerable girls in the industry, coming from strong political background & infulencial movie industry family not naming the accused here in public is influencing other girls coming from vulnerable background to follow her and silently take it. If this incident has really happened she have to pull the perpetrator in public and make him face the law otherwise she is only encouraging such acts Either you want or not you will have been treated as piece of delicious meet until get aged If are not, the industry wont take It not just in industry, it all over in India. In Indian society U go right girl. Nothing can let down I think Directors always give role with lion.
The FBI is now investigating the shooting of two Indian techies as hate crime. Kansas has the death penalty although it hasnt used it since the 70s Tragic killings. But typical of white behavior in America. White man shoot black, yellow, red and brown people they NEVER get punishment. Took them long enough to recognise.
The Chennai airpo is going all out to celebrate Smiles week. Video cou esy Kanishkaa Balachandran Yola yola, work happily, dance happily. D. Nincompoop Tamilian to smiles San Jaya ,nonsense. Ricky G Chawla. Jaineel Joshi.
More than million shopkeepers are expected to comply with the ban. to be honest all the indian shopkeepers should follow . out limbu pani, lassi .ganna juice and fruit shakes are way better than these stupid cola If they have to balme anyone for the loss it has to be PeTA. Thanks PeTA for being catalyst in uniting people of TN to protest SaveJallikattu, now we have also banned Pepsi, Coke for abusing & destroying our ground water, we are currently protesting to SaveNeduvasal against fracking to extract Shale & Methane gas which is destroying our land. Thanks once again PeTA for getting us together to protect ourselves without you we would be watching some reality show on TV drinking Coke or Pepsi Looking at the customer point of view, one should have choice of cola or local produce, just to suppo one side you simply cannot ban other side. Its not exactly for promotion of local products. Its done because of draining ground water level of the river beds. That the main idea behind this ban, so that people can get water to drink and for irrigation purposes. Moreover they using so much of water for manufacturing these products from tamil nadu rivers. Already we are facing water crises. Thanks to Peta,because of PETA we achieved this.Government should BAN Peta also from india soon This is lame. We are going back in time. Give better product and let consumers decide. Looks like Trump should be ruling TN too. I prefer Thumps Up over cokePepsi in US just because it tastes better and we get both. I am sure people in India feel same That an example. I hope it spreads for good. Well done TN Come on India we all shall suppo ing this ban and drive out the harmful Multinational out of our country Very good Good decision Pls keep maintain watching carefully tku and share all Indians welcome this type decision & Ideas . Take the natural drink lime juice, sweet lime juice, tender coconut etc, dont ever fall into the trap of Patanjali it worst than coke gone are the days when indians use to drink these for showing off . now they have realized its danger and have switched back to the good ones Not that drink any cola, but they are any day better than the water used and hygiene maintained for alternate products. No private company should be allowed to deplete and profit from an essential resource like water This ban is not only suppo local products and also people of Tamilnadu are saved their liver from this health damaging juices. Yes we did it dont worry BBC India we will ban you one day for sure you called as snake charmers right Anyways, our fruits are banned from expo due to excessive pesticides in them. Alchi Thapliyal At least we know one state were never going to live in, now This is one ban Id fully suppo Bring on the lassi . Glad to see this I have seen the damage these companies do to the environment. I hope India has also stopped the production of this muck Thumbs Up was the ultra caffeinated drink last time I was there. Dont drink it, EVER. Youll be awake for week Good move All.states should follow It not to suppo local products. It for preventing excessive use of water for these kind of companies. Water is precious and also to used for agriculture than for these MNCs just means they will impo them with different name instead of make them in india meaning thousands just lost their jobs in india .
Trudy and Barclay Patoir met when mixedrace relationships were still taboo.
800 delegates 459 tonnes of equipment Two MercedesBenz S600s Two electric lifts One huge entourage. And give the relative his right, and also the poor and the traveler, and do not spend wastefully. Indeed, the wasteful are brothers of the devils, and ever has Satan been to his Lord ungrateful Quran 17 2627 You stupid Arab dont you think you should send some money to poor children dying in Yemen, Afghanistan and Africa. I forget you have initiated war in Yemen. . Seems like family trip to zoo p. Another country going to phase ISIS soon Mc terrist. cooking up plans to islamacize the rest of se asia So what . And Somalia is suffering
Engineering level India The low tech Indian muon telescope can perhaps detect even the slightest tremor in the hardened thick shell of the BBC they want to show that small investments here and there in the largely volatile Indian equity market is also wo their while Look out for the spotless leopard . Is this the same old bbc? How it is even possible that terrorist media bbc is showing some positive news about india .?. Positive Indian news. I cant believe my eyes. Are the folks in BBC all right??. Finally positive news . Finally bbc gets positive about India . And Pakistan uses ostrich to fly their planes. . Finally I think BBC Facebook page has been hacked. Bhai election to UP me sudher tum kahe rhe ho. Indian innovation.
Ms Conway is seen kneeling on the sofa and clutching her phone as US President Donald Trump poses with leaders of historically black colleges and universities. Belonging to The regime which came in and sta ed demeaning the federal offices and system in itself, this isnt big surprise Everybody should keep their di feet off the furniture. Ugh Did you grow up in barn? People have to sit there This is being shared to me aprox 20 time daily I do not like it & I will not give it like. I thought white house had an official photographer It is disgusting. No respect for White House Pinned her up alongside Melania.
Affected websites included Quora, Trello and Slack.
He was so excited that he and his wife were going to sta family soon. Now this has happened. As an American, I cant begin to say how sorry I am that this happened. This does not represent who we are or what we believe May his soul rest in peace Im feeling sorry his family and especially his wife. This kind of things will never happen in India as we treat any American any Foreigner with respect without any racial motive because we are not narrow minded people. United States government should be ashamed of this after all these kind of mindset was brought by them to their people, injecting ill thoughts about other country people. Being white in skin complexion doesnt define person instead their character towards other people reflects the truth . Really sad but this is pure racism and thts where America is heading with the brilliant D trump he is making country more divided and it not safe when people carrying sick mentality Why are people so shocked as if murders and crimes dont happen in India. One crime and all Americans are judged bad, like all Indians are judged to be rapists. Stop sensationalising. Millions of Indians are living the American dream. If one crime makes us question stop going out and stay in your well . As an American, I cant begin to say how sorry I am that this happened. This does not represent who I am or what I believe. some of our people are brainwashed and act out of fear and ignorance. lack of education and exposure outside of their small communities. Sorry. some of our people are dumb. educate. dont hate So I always had wish to visit US but that has faded away very sad indeed may his soul rest in peace. May God give the courage and strength to cope with this sad tradegy Very sad mother has lost his son wife has lost his husband very. Very sad indeed but do not despair, thousands live here it was just bad luck Sad.People will know the feeling when it happens to their loved ones This is showing how cruel no american people are,they are allowing devil to rule them RIP prayers thoughts,with family friendsuk. Rip . He was so excited that he and his wife were going to sta family soon. Now this has happened. . American Idiots needs stricter Gun Laws. Period Rip.
Scientists have developed way of growing human cells and tissue on apples. cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of these cowards who deliberately hinder repo to britishamerican professional Well Guess Im thinking,an apple day know longer implies?????????????. cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of these cowards who deliberately hinder repo to britishamerican professional That great looking ear . Vignesh Mk see this.
Customers appear to be turning their backs on famousfaced fragrances. GREAT. NO NEED OF CELEBRITIES. THE ARE FAKE NEWS WMDS
I dont believe in treating it like it an unspoken subject.
It was billed as arguably the most destructive weapon of all time when it went up for sale last week. Nicely used words
They have said they thought they were taking pa in TV prank. .
Eight hours of snow in eight seconds.
Mr Trump proposal would return the US closer to wa ime spending. What the unek gone to do??.
How India first sign language dictionary differs from the US. Read more here Nesrin Essam Gamal ElDin Noha Maher boso be3d el nazar 3an el kalemat ely eat5dmooha boso SRK targmooha ezay . For earn money with ur android phone Download chamcash app from play store and Register it. You can earn money upto 25000month. So,After register enter the 5488155 as your sponser id, you are done Best Of Luck Preetha Banerjee. Probal Das Ashish Oswal Nihal Mehta.
The man arrested for shooting two Indians at Kansas bar thought he opened fire on some Iranian people . As an American, I plead with the people of India to not look at all Americans as intolerant and racist. Donald Trump is the worst President our country has ever elected and I speak for many Americans. We are embarrassed and ashamed that Donald Trump is our President. Neve heless we are welcoming Nation, but with the current state of affairs with Trump as our President I fear hatred, bigotry, and senseless violence will persist The man has killed young man with future and family. So what if he mistook an Indian for an Iranian? Cold blooded killer no mercy should be shown Does it even matter that he thought they were Iranians??? He killed he obviously feeding on the hate that filling our country One way or the other you took an innocent life. You wouldnt try justifying yourself if you knew what the loss meant to others. Why bother with whether they were Iranian or Indian when they did nothing to you?. Unfo unately. He is one of many Haters people. This is not the Amerikkka I envisioned for my family. Its sad how people are perceived without knowing person and just assuming someone is bad because of there Ethnicity. My plans are to retire in India when I am older. Plain and simple. That my Motherland. The man told that he had opened fire on some Iranian people .This man is Adam Purinton, 51, fled the scene of the attack at pub in Olathe and went to restaurant where he confided that he had killed Iranian immigrants. Here, one thing is that Indians bear closer affinity with Iranians, the founder of Islamic terrorism. So what Indians should do, they maintain Indianism, at least tilak is weared on forehead, they could easily be identified, and I hope they will be well treated in foreign land. Trump plicy of annihilation of Islamic terrorism swips wide scale acclamation in the world. The question is security of Indian diospora. In my view distinguishing our selves through India culture and manners can ward off evils Either the Muslim Fanatics or the Bhakts will turn India into rigid country like Saudi Arabia. India secularism is rooted in Hinduism as it is fundamentally open to other religions and schools of thought. The core ideology of Hinduism is described in the Upanishad as Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam the world is one family Btw Iranians were Zoroastrian before forced conversion to Islam. They were victim to the same as Desi Muslims. And now Bhakts are giving problems to the very people who suffered at the hands of Muslims invaders I dont believe the perpetrator really thought he was shooting at Iranians though. What he told the bar tender is his afte hought, hours later after the shooting. It might be different from what people can learn from the shooting scene. From the witnesses recount, the suspect threw racial slurs at the Indian guys. Was that racial slur the one anusually designated for Iranians? Or for Indians? I know just like for Chinese, the ones for Indians are also very specific, only for Indians and for all S. Asians, but not including Middle Eastern people. So the racial slurs he threw out should indicate what on his mind about the two men identity. Besides, the suspect worked in IT, where there is big po ion of the work force is Indian. Every body working in that field could tell Indians from Iranians, so can hardly make this kind of identity mistake. Even I can tell the difference. I think the suspect told the bar tender that just as an afte hought, in an effo to lessen his culpability in this crime, as he might argue that he felt ale ed about terrorism something like that. But the case might be just as simple as that the suspect was motivated by antiimmigration sentiment, so this is racially motivated crime. RIP Srinivas Kuchibhotla. Justice will prevail RIP AntiNational are people promoting hate. Indians are peaceful people who stand up for everybody rights. I hope the unfo unate shooting of an innocent Indian man in Kansas, USA opens the eyes of all Indians especially the Bhakts and Muslim fanatics. We are minorities outside India and know the struggle of minorities. Think twice before you judge someone, before you hate someone just because of the colour of their skin, what religion they follow or what region they come from. America was built on the geneocide killing of Natives and the backs of Black Slaves who they abused and murdered and still continue to do so. White supremacist are against and hate anyone who isnt white they do not care if you are Hindu Muslim or Christian. This is what hate does, makes you hate and do evil things to innocent people you do not know. Bhakts, White Supremacists and Muslim fanatics are all the same and operate on hate Is that kind of apology for cold blooded murder? For sure he will repent his mistake in jail. He can use his time in there to learn about people classificationscountrywise and use that knowledge to spread awareness to others. Sikhs being targeted in same manner were also mistaken identity racial murders A person killed person for no reason. He should be allowed no mercy What if Iranians ? are they not humans? Like all ? He is must be punished and must treated as terrorist no exceptions. Delusional Scum of the filthiest kind Where is the USA heading reached. Maro chutia ko , eye for eye , life for life No mercy. Iranian are okay? He should be consider as terrorist not as mentally unstable as it happens always .white bias. This is one very sick minded, ignorant individual God be with the families and loved ones as well as the friends of these men Now he wants an exit Because that totally fine Mislead Really is it so ?? . The inbred americ nts are world famous for inbreeding. besides pimping their own females to rich Indians Freaking lunatic Fry him . His statement does not reduce the gravity of crime committed by him.
The US rocket company says the customers have already paid for the flight planned for late 2018. Elon musk truly is an iron man.
What is the magic of Moonlight?
It capable of filming smooth slowmotion footage at four times the rate possible on Apple and Samsung topend models. Sony is history.
This clingy panda has broken the internet. Swarnim Mishra For the very first time I feel for this panda. He should better go into the woods and take sannyas, abandoning his caretaker Quacky is that baby panda and aunty is that care taker . Tumhe aise hi peeche padna aunty ke for an automatic car Arpita Choudhuri. Aly Samantha Medrano this is live footage of Reign with his mom Anai Vazquez Like literally. He doesnt cry usually he just silently follows her everywhere. . Mounika Mandela,i think panda have great deal of determination Try pandas . Less clingy but unfo unately not this cute. . This is me when you try to leave me to go out Elliot Sims ? ? ? . Hassam Bigs when you work from home and keep telling me you need space whatspace hugmenow. Jenevieve Joy thought youd enjoy if you havent already seen it lol PS I know which is me and which is you, do you lol. Chand Sawhney do you feel like this when I harass you 247?. Radhika Pradeep Kumar This was the Panda was talking about D. It looks like panda is stopping him for not to plant his food . Rihan Moznu oi dekh Son of sonaullah mama The cute panda Rana. This is for Mr.pandaLover Sivakanth. Rushil Bakshi who is the panda amongst us. Lyra Lenita this is soo cute. . Shimone Luke guess who that is. So sweet ND cute yr. Best thing for the entire day.
Sehwag tweet is being criticised for bullying 20yearold student. This will always happen if go anti national in the name of FREEDOM OF SPEECH. To all those who oppose sehwag Remember that Dawood Ibrahim father was police officer. Just because you are born to great man doesnt mean you inherit his values and patriotism. Suppo ing sehwag here No he is not being criticised he earned respect of billions of patriot Indian by standing against those anti nationalists No wonder BBC repo ing has lost the class it was known once. Why they wish to project views of some Presstitutes in India. Is it crime to be patriot and nationalist? He did well to tell the young lady not to demean patriotism of her father Bharat tere tukre hongefreedom of speech ek joke kya mar diya sehwag ne, sabko mirchi laag gyi uska freedom of speech hai ki nhi?. BBC is again playing the card of freedom of speech any person who is more then 18 is no longer juvenile instead responsible citizen heShe must know what she is speaking and how would it impact the society and other people specially if social media is being used. Sehwag has done what every indian must do And BBC not liking it perhaps BBC forgot to consider sehwag freedom of speech . Patriotism and nationalism has become hate for Pakistan. If this element is absent it wont recognized. She is calling for peace and see what these morons have made out of it in order to reaming in good books of the facist regime. Sehwag has usually been very balanced in his expression. This was not on one of those moments. Mocking someone who has lost their dad fighting for the same country you live in, why? He was fine cricketer and hope that remains his enduring legacy. The girls fighter and has her views. Disagree with her using logic, this one was below the belt. bbc india pls raise ur standards r just pathetic. someone said something horribly wrong doesnt matter what is the gender or occupation or age what he did was absolutely correct. He is not criticised he is targeted by left wingers who are very well positioned in media channels and news papers Only they have Freedom of expression ,expression of others is termed as intolerance in India by these pseudo intellectuals Sehwag every Indian is proud of you . Sehwag did not bully her.He just presented his own viewpoint in totally parliamentary words. Cant he use his rights of freedom of speech?. Intolerancebullyingfreedom of speech Are these just perceptions. Sehwag tweet is being critisized only be traitors lefties and congress D. His tweet got many appreciations too I think you want that to be criticized Keep your ideology with you That tweet was well timed and there was nothing wrong with it There was no bullying by Sehwag. The only bullying we can see is one Sehwag is being subjected to by the media including BBC She is not kid Be carefull BBC India first, nothing else. Paid media sta ed licking boots of their bosses after ignoring and understanding difference between hate speech and FOE BBC first learn what the matter is , it not called bullying it the way to show her foolishness . The girls post was like Britain loving Charlie newspaper attackers Sehwag is has been. The whole word is watching and suppo ing this young, true hero, who is challenging powerful forces He did not bully her stupid BBC dats his share of freedom of expression and he is our legend adore him. I think he was ousted from the team Reason Physical fitness Add the mental fitness too Oh yeah Freedom of speech is only for leftists, commies, congis and aaptards RIP logic simple thing is ban politicis and political talk from universities and these king of issues will not arise.
They marry. He takes the money and enjoys the honeymoon. Then he never comes back. People should never marry their daughters to man who asks for dowry . Nothing can fulfill the greed of humans, pay now ,they will demand for more, and its never ending cycle Feel really sorry for our sisters,who are suffering from this trauma . Its an old issue and as per my personal views people in punjab regions are more crazy to move abroad. Why are they getting married their girls with foreigners? Indian gad very many educated and settled guys. Its all because of greed. They are selling land, prope ies, marrying their daughter because they also want to move abroad based on them later. Now they are complaining. Now they want help from government, however at first place they are wrong. Its all because of show off they do everything. Even in punjabi movies they show that their girls are getting married in abroad or any type of correlation. Also know very many other states are also facing the same issue That why parents always afraid of getting there daughter married in abroad want to send her along with husband no body feels the pain as these people feeling step should be taken by our foreign minister she is really helpful. Nri and foregner people are different unlike Indians they lives with freedom and they do whatever they like even they arent listening to their parents literally they disobey them It better to avoid them I feel that it difficult to spend whole life with them. Not every NRI is Raj from DDLJ. The sooner the ppl of Punjab realise, the better it will for their daughter future many people likes foreign brands, they dont know the value of local brands local boys are dying in the name of love but local girls are crying for the foreign husbands . Dont marry unknown foreigners. Lalach badi buri cheez hey BBC should learn Hindu Culture, befire abusing Hindus and Indians. that is main problem in india dowry is given if and if girl has any prblm she can use it for herself not for her husband needs. People who abused Ma yr daughter blames it on Mark Zuckerberg selective freedom of speech. Lol then why married them. Everyone needs NRI or foreign guy . Greed is the worst enemy. It happens I have seen so many cases They deserve it. Sad but true
At the stroke of midnight on Friday, followers of witchcraft across the US performed mass spell designed to remove the president from office. We give thanks to God because this guys has come out openly, if Trump forced himself there let their spell work. But if God brought Trump in that seat Jehovah will defend and deliver him as He did it for Daniel in Babylon. The battle is not for Trump but for the LORD Of HOST and His SON JESUS CHRIST. Shalom . I was under the impression USA is modern,Rational and beyond witchcraft. Now I have to change my views I have to add bigotry, racism, anti antisemitism, freedom of white racists to grope women etc boycott of press etc And the spell did not worked just like your wishes to remove Trump Even magic spell couldnt get Trump out. Did you wave wands walking backwards? Did you speak the magic words while holding hands? Where did you go wrong?. The spell will be effective in getting all those witches depo ed. . Democrats where telling about him then also voted for him Whatever has happened, it happened with time. No one can reverse the time travel . Witchcraft in itself is reflection of fool minds Let see by when it will work true test of witchcraft . this was the most hilarious thing read all day Lol that just as useful as prayer1. Hilarious if not atrocious vow. They have power over God people. RIP paranormal activity series. Dont give him oppo unity to burn people at the stake We gradually turning into trolling nation. Dushyant Paliwal craziest thing trending D. Lolzzz how can plp.be so stupid. Bhavyam Vashist see?.
How the great goofup happened. when la la land was announced was like, what? the film is really ovverrated and min later my faith in Academy was restored How come Warren Beatty did not realized when Emma Stone name is there if its for Best Picture Award We made goof up too when she falls in oscars check out our video production introducing you to St Kilda in Melbourne. A winner if ever there was one
Rain and floods contaminate major river forcing authorities to cut off drinking water to million people.
Alok Madasani, an Indian national who survived the shooting attack in Kansas, and the widow of Srinivas Kuchibhotla tell the BBC their stories. It is sad that she lost her husband but at the end of the day why live in country which feel is not safe of you? Racial attacks happen all over the world and it is worse in India Hope Indians in America and all over the world thinks twice before they vote on the wrong pa y. The truth is that lot of Indian vote for Trump. Hope Indians and all innocent are safe now and in the future. And hope they live like brothers and sister. Not about Hindu and Moslim, but Indians . This is so trajic this even had to happen thought America is land of immigrants and welcoming This has never happened White supremacist they are insecure Without immigrants how would the country prosper And clamping down more regulations will make things far worse America now has to face their destiny good or bad. Incredible woman. Her story and strength has touched everyone in our community. If she can focus on love after her tragic loss, there no excuse for anyone else to be hateful Why do you really have to put WIDOW. Just cant we put Wife of Late Srinivas Kuchibhotla. Please we need to change the way we look at people. May the Soule RIP and may the almighty give them the strength to move on in life Very sorry.Mr Srinivas is the victim of hatred.It is unfo unate that Indians are being targeted for no reason.This attitude should be condemned by the world community She found new excuse to be in USA Jaan jaye , Pati jaye , Par America me rehne ka sukh na jaye Telegu mentality. Brave lady We are all deeply saddened by your loss Hugs . Sad thing is someone did not tell them that Kansas is hot bed of racism including triple k. Problem is something else and solutions applied here is something. We are unable to accept fellow humans Deeply saddened More prayer with you My prayer is with you. My hea goes out to you and your family Hugs .
We all know that Moonlight and not La La Land won best picture. But who were the other big winners of the night? I felt disappointed for Mel Gibson directorial debut as Hacksaw Ridge couldnt make it I am not interested in 10$ Gift.
Mrs Clennel had been living near Durham with her husband before being detained, and has two British sons, as well as granddaughter, in the UK. This is lie. Welcome back Grandma . Living illegally, must have escaped scrutiny.
Wow. What just happened? Warren Beatty mistakenly reads out La La land as best picture. Moonlight wins. was this truly mistake or just gimmick?.
Dont miss the Oscars action. Follow our live updates below Casey should have at least combed his hair .
Death? Renouncement? What happened to Jonathan Spollen in India? My guess is that he tried to use Google Maps in India. Sure way to get lost Actually India is Big Country May be he is just roaming around Excuse me, but another missing white person? Do I even care?.
Were you one of the millions who owned the 3310? Now days no company is launching such good feature phones. I think it can impress my father who is basic user. An Android user arguing about that is not good thing. Cause it focused on basic user. Android is everywhere but there are still many in our families who cant use it. Keep going Nokia. Im so happy to see Nokia coming back. The same reliability and brand with new touch. Welcome back Nokia You were really missed . still am using these bought in Kowloon about 20 odd years back when mobile telephony came to my country. Camera Should be improved as well as speed Welcome back. Im waiting for this device Gonna buy it. Served me great communicator sure . My first one in 2007 . guys pls watch these videos just sta ed making new vines need suppo thanku. what the price in India?.
Dev Patel brings his mother to the Oscars. check out all the live updates here Wish it had, but I look forward to more of his films at least chances are less for Dev but movie is awesome. I hope so . guys pls watch these videos just sta ed making new vines need suppo thanku. Good Movie Wo for Oscar. I would rather prefer lion over La La Land lion should win. . .
Google says Uber stole trade secrets and technology from them. the car in the pic is really cute. Get your cure from all known physical ,mental or supernatural troubles from yoga.
Saying no to the marriage meant my family took me out of education and they held me prisoner in my own home. Amazing and very encouraging story. The decisions made helped women to stand up for themselves and to feel stronger in all areas of their life, knowing they they are not second class citizens but are incredible with so much to offer. Like Jasvinder making stand, helped whole generation of women. Thankfully I dont hear of such stories but that doesnt mean that inequality doesnt exist. Girlswomen need to be encouraged to meet their full potential, love their life & make their own decisions not be forced into corner leaving them feeling helpless Karma Nirvana all the way . In India it common every women suffers from this nobody help them. It will take time for indian people to change their thinking.people talk on this on fb but never come forward to help Read her book on her journey called Shame pretty hard hitting on forced marriages which are still common thing among South Asians in the UK . Very encouraging
The UN has classified the substance as weapon of mass destruction. It obvious kim jong un carefully planned this out lol how much are bbc employees getting paid to try and keep straight face?. What is the next step after classification?.
Mohit Goel was held on allegations of fraud. It is modi fault . Finally Digital India sucks Anish Maleyanda Bheemaiah Kevin Joseph we know who got him arrested .
Uttar Pradesh politics just got whole lot more creative. Trump is doing what he promised during elections, Where as Modi goes on fooling the people. And his speeches cause great harm to the secular fabric of this country, The voter decides who is donkey and who is horse,. Fascist Modi will be beaten in this election Trump is my president America is my country we will declare gau mata as president of America. Trump may like these obedient animals. But pay salary of horses This is the real face of Donald Trump Mr.President we have them here b4 took over . 225, 10 29 Arun Chaudhry CHANAKYA BETA JI POORAY DESH KI RAJNITI IS GETTING GUIDED BY MY NATIONALISTIC POLITICAL WRITINGS IRRESPECTIVE OF PA YLINES UNQUESTIONABLY THE BJP CLAN IS THE BEST PERFORMER IN THE PRECEDING FOUR YEARS & THAT GETTING REFLECTED IN THE FINAL RESULTS REPEATEDLY??? TRY TO MAKE ESSENTIAL TACTICAL & STRATEGIC AMENDS TO MAKE A GOOD MATCH OF THE ONGOING ELECTIONS CONTEST??? CHANAKYA CHACHOO JI ABHEE BHEE AAYA KUCHCH SAMAJH MAIN YA BILKUL NAHIN??? 225, 10 29 Arun Chaudhry .
A barman told local media man used racial slurs before opening fire. Americans suffering from insuperity complex. Indians are much efficient and highly skilled than any other Americans in different fields specially in I.T. sectors. Many Indians working as scientists in US and Europe. This incident is nothing but cowardly surrender towards superiority of Indian science and technology. Indians will rule in this field and have to face obstacles from wealthy, overweight, inferiors , iltempered fellows world wide this is the actual face of the epitome of democracy and tolerance Americans should stop advising to other nations regarding religious tolerance, racism and democracy and focus more on their own internal matters Probe? What there to probe? He yelled get out of my country Oh wait, he white so hell get slap on the wrist and be on his way. This is so frightening especially for those of us who have family there You know how many Indian vote for Trump? Told before, think of your color, not religion. Now see what happend there He could not be war veteran. First thing you are told in armed training not to fire on unarmed person. Not big fan of America govt , but the guy who intervened was also an American. Let not label every white guy racist He is white he cant be terrorist or racist he must have mistaken the victim to terrorist bias is in the blood of system India suffers from mental disorder mad country god What mistake did made. this man is just failure. he was envy that immigrant achieved success in US where he probably born, unfo unately Death sentence. As ex President stated India is intolerant after all. LoL. What poor specie an of an American.
Already 175km long, if it propagates just 20km more, block of ice qua er the size of Wales will break away. cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of these cowards who deliberately hinder repo to britishamerican professional cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of these cowards who deliberately hinder repo to britishamerican professional
Next on the agenda Baldie Olympics
India next big space ambition Get robots moving on the moon You cant do this You already try it And dnt get success So be careful. going too far????.
$750,000 of taxpayers money to thank the gods for Telangana. Misleading repo majority of Hindu temples are under firm control of govt endowment dept what ppl contributedonates goes to govt then govt uses same to donate to temples which again goes back to govt so unlike other religious places which enjoys controls everything temples still are at mercy of govt its none of your Business BBC UK just using name of BBC india and india political system liberal towards media didnt mean that you got licence to pinpoint on over rich Indian culture and heritage BBC, would you have repo ed in similar tone had it been presented to church? No Then the same man would have been generous and saviour of minorities You hypocrites People before crying about govt money first understand There is tax levied upon exclusively on Hindu organisations and temples in telangana that are earning more than 50000 rupees per year This tax is exclusive for hindu organisations only means no similar tax on other religious organisations such as churches mosques or gurudwaras etc The tax collected is called common good fund and is exclusively used for maintenance of other temples and promoting hindu causes as the tax levied on hindu organisations only The money for this gift is taken from That common good fund As tirumala is considered vaikuntam on ea its justified hindu cause to give donation to tirumala Thanks Religions are profitable business world has significant no. of fools who are ready to follow stupidity. Dishonest baba fooled lakhs and built empire at Putapa similarly there are many babas across the country. State if Telangana was created because of regional imbalance in development. As the people were lucky they got this priest as chief minister who conducted vastu pooja on house wo many crore, then once while whenever he feels he offer luxurious gift to lifeless idol. People must be proud of him for praying to god on behalf of them. Thank the gods that he didnt give real bali human sacrifice, widely practiced in Vedic era of Telangana people he will soon Dear BBC, All the temples in telangana are under govt administration and all the funds goes to govt dept. What wrong with offering here. Please be aware on facts before post anything For muslims. Place of worship is whole world. There is absolutely no difference between depilated mosque and most expensive mosque. A mosque is an empty hall which facilitates worshipers to pray in peace. It is not place for ente ainment or social activity. It is not place where people donate GOLD Ornament , nor there is Prasad to be sold. Not coconut to be offered . Sometime some people may donate food to the poor. Donate cash to poor. Donate cash to either build or maintain the mosque. All hindu friends are welcome to visit our mosque and have chance clarify your misconception. Remember , I am talking here about mosque. Not dargah. Dargah is Grave not mosque most shameless CM in India? pushing the TS into debt gutter feeling himself the supreme? since yesterday his downfall begin, the day he visited Thirumal Venkanna with his family and TRS goons at exchequer cost it is curse upon him and his family members for next generations too Will ask our CM to give Christmas Gifts lets see what will be written here nalayakoo sudarjao Offering causes anger , it doesnt make anyone anger who believe in Hindu offerings , other people should respect this and be tolerant BBC News do you have mind ? all the timples in their related state are under the state govt only . every temple contribute to the state GDP and their is special ministerial for this. BBC India You know it india if anyone opposes will be termed as antinational and they tell to go pakistan after modi formed government If thats for archietecture its not an issue but if its for personal benefits its worrysome.Theres not many beautiful temples in India People of Telengana elected him so no comments. If they dont like they will dethrone him Gods needs money lolz. A new way to white your money. Wrong number hai yeh. I do not know how many billions of dollars are given to muslims on haaz. Eid etc. It the donations made by devotees to the temples which govt collected via endowment depa ment. So its not state funds it the temple funds. So why cry on this?. Was it from his pocket or of the state ? Either way , did he just save God from crisis ?. U guys still treat us snake charmers, what about Westminster Abbey. Demolish the temple, Ban religion. That religion is poison has no better evidence than this incident What drag,dont worry it is for Lord balaji ,he wont use it,it is for us to take darshan. Tax payers money donating to Temple. What great Charity Donate out of your personal earnings. Why to spend public funds. Shame on such people If it was US minister doing that for church bbc would applaud the person When government is controlling this temple and earning billions of dollars every year. This small offering is nothing
The airpo is key location in the government bid to drive IS militants out of the city.
He will stay inside the 20tonne limestone rock for week to experience the ageing stone inside . cowards from IIMA deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by Freudenberg and most of their coward senior alumnus repo to BritishAmerican educated professionals shame on the cowards from IIMA cowards from IIMA deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by Freudenberg and most of their coward senior alumnus repo to BritishAmerican educated professionals shame on the cowards from IIMA Faltu He mad.
The little hippo that could.
The blast ripped through shopping area, wounding another 30 people. I can see the laugh emoticon it is devilish seriously Monstrous gesture for the above post.May Allah protect all evrywhr whoever laugh rite now lets wait for ur circle to be hit by the same THEN WE WILL LAUGH TOGETHER. wots say?. Oh one after another. Feel very sad. Government must take strict steps Sairam. Killing innocent people has become daily routine in Pakistan Both developing is sending Satellite another is bombing. Keep it up daily routine check it must me practice section of terrorist in porkistan led by isi.
The team also identified specific fruit and veg that reduced the risk of cancer and hea disease.
This Italian village is being torn apa by slowmoving landslide
Does Raja Bhaiya really feed people to crocodiles? The BBC tries to separate the man from the myth.
Some could have some liquid water and maybe life, by extension on the surface. BREAKING NASA Announces the Discovery of Potentially Habitable ister Solar System7 Ea hsized planets orbiting single star. In one of the most significant exoplanet discoveries to date, NASA just announced that not one, butseven Ea hsized planets have been found orbiting the habitable or temperate zone of starjust 39 lightyears away.Research suggests at least the inner six planets appear to have Ea hlike masses, are made of rock, and have surface temperatures ranging between lifefriendly to 100degC 32 to 212degF . NASA is calling it ister solar system to our own, and says several of the planets could potentially host liquid water, and maybe even extraterrestrial life.NASA made the announcement in live press conference after triggering much speculation over their big discovery beyond our Solar System .The new exoplanets have been detected orbiting an ultracool dwarf star called TRAPPIST1, which is located about 39 lightyears away from our Sun in the Aquarius constellation.Astronomers led by Michael Gillon from the University of Liege in Belgium first detected three exoplanets around the star back in May 2016, using Ea hbasedtelescopes.But it wasnt until the team studied it more closely using NASA Spitzer spacetelescope that they discovered an additional four planets in the system.Initial estimates based on these observations suggest that at least five of the planets have masses similar to Ea h,and followup observations by the Hubble Space Telescope indicate that they probably have rocky compositions.At least three also appear to fall within the temperate zone of their star which means their surface temperatures are most likely to be between and 100degC 32 and 212degF , making liquid water, and potentially even some form of extraterrestrial life, possibility.Because of the system structure, it also possible that any of the planets have liquid water.The European Space Observatory is calling it the most incredible star system. It one of the best discoveries in couple of months We hope to know more this new solar system. In future years we may know more about these 7or extra planets Some interesting wonderful unknown universe ?. And thus potential buyers would be planning to go real abroad. It might have collapsed plenty of years ago and we received images now Holy Quran already mentioned about ea modern science proved now hahahahahhahaha. Porkist media channels BBC India. fake media nno 1.
Leaving matchmaking up to ificial intelligence could be the future of dating. Tried and nope Im better old school. Or single
What exactly makes doll transgender? Maria Gomes Heaton.
The pilot and four US citizens died when their light plane hit shopping centre on Tuesday. Celia Hevesi remember we went there? OMG so sorry for the lost of lives
Just 900 guests and seven main dishes
Seven new species of night frog have been discovered in India.
Husband threw her out because she tried to initiate sex with him contracted HIV after being raped Some of the forgotten women in an Indian mental health ward Heard one of the UK ex Minister got convinced as pedophile So incredibly sad OH SO SHAMEFUL.SAD ABOUT WOMEN IN INDIA. Lot to do in India. Human right. Women, children. So sad
Teddy was very distressed and pushed his mother away when she tried to feed him. Good thing is mother got saved because of baby for the baby Thanks to God baby.
Thousands of people gather to catch and eat sea worms.
In Malawi, people with albinism are hunted down because of the belief that potions made from their body pa can bring good luck and wealth. Dan Johnston this is what I was talking bout the other day. Hunt the people who are hunting for them I swear they need good counseling This is crazy It devilish act. Wat stupidity . Nedson Is this true?. Stupidity levels are more This is BBC India or BBC foreign.
The controversial book teaches children about masturbation.
At least four people have been killed and several others wounded in the attack. One Big God of Sky, Allah, save Pakistan from their own Mujahideen of Jinni creation. Good terrorists have become bad terrorists & have struck within. When will Pakistan stop creating both good & bad terrorists for whole world. Wake up wake up Pakistan . TTP are funded by Indian RAW
Long unskippable adve are seen as nuisance by many viewers. Finally good move. who cares, use ad blacker.
The new Tata boss takes over the company today. Wish you all the best, it golden appo unity. Success is always with you
Nepali transgender model dazzles India The real problem is there is no potrayal of the problems of an everyday transgender by media. Stories of the trials of prominent transgenders trying to vye for success within traditional social structures , fails to inspire the target community towards imagining any other mode of being in the society. It will cause problems later Thats great. She so brave. Just fight for who you are. Be yourself. . Ohh she is beautiful . who exactly is transgender person. Stay loved,n all best Lou Sandy at first they are human
Everyone on board is believed dead. . How terrible . Greatinfo thanks lot. I really love it. .
Look up in the sky it bird, it plane, it fire rainbow
Auction house officials said the phone was weapon of mass destruction Historical if there was social media at that time he would have won D. Did Trump buy it?. Who was the lucky who got this phone? Any german. It is Lucky for Israel.

The actress told police she was raped inside her car by three people who waylaid her vehicle. Abducted yeah. Raped? She an actress but she woman. Research first before you write icles I thought BBC was responsible media for true news It is very much irritating. Who told you she Raped ? Are you people sick ? Are you people Playing with girl life and future ? From where you people got this news ?. Its shameful BBC Plz dont give fake conspired news by giving this fake repo , you disrepected victim Raped?? BBC needs to employ good team in India, she was abducted India badly needs treatment to make some people impotent Actress kii himmt kii daad denii caahie in stud of caring for her acting career she came forward and repo to police Arrest kodiyeris son binish and film star dileep immediately. U a perfect example of presstitute. Do some research before repo ing something Please remove your fake news, nobody RAPED her. Kerala under left is riot. It shme on CPM government BBC India was raped in Kerala not actress Hello Guys Im happy to share this testimony with you guys I never knew I can be save this way My hubby left me and my children for another woman years ago, ever since then my life have been filled with pains and bitterness,i couldnt imagine my life without him. I saw testimony about great man called Prophetjohn and how he helps people around the world,that he can bring back lover within few days, actually I was skeptical about it and said I am not interested, but due to the love I have for my man,I consulted this great prophet and to my greatest surprise after days my husband called me for the very first time in years that he is missing me and that he is so sorry for everything he had done to me,he said he want me back and we are going to spend our life together and promise never to hu me again I still cant believe my eyes because it highly unbelievable All I can say is thank prophetjohn for bringing back my husband to me and my kid and for anyone who might need the help of this great spell caster like looking for love he can pray for you to have one or fruit of the wrom. please permit me to drop his mail here prohetJohn69 how do some people find it funny?. Popular in fake news BBC, not raped harashed. Before post accumulate news from genuine source cochin is the tourist place Some repo says only abducted but now some says raped. . . Shashank Varma Joe Nepram.
England allrounder Ben Stokes becomes the most expensive foreign player in IPL history. See ordinary guys fetch crores. 14.5 Crore if Ben scores ZEROES in all matches drops catches misfield doesnt take wicket. No DEDUCTION. NOW tell me the spectator in Stadium has to drink eat pee he has to pay. Enjoy Indian Phokat league. Alex Livingston.
The true stories behind the Hidden Figures movie Why again White & Black Colour in Computer to. why stress?.
Alec Jones has created chatbot that helps students keep track of homework theyve been given over the course of week.
Read her exclusive interview with the BBC
We will do it. We will cut you up Activist Bela Bhatia ordeal in Chhattisgarh These NGOs and so called cambridge educated activicts are funded from abroad to promote disturbances in the tribal areas of India. Some of them are engaged as missioneriescharity orginasations with the purpose of conve ing them to christianity. Some others are for facilitating tribal insurgency movement against the state. Earlier it was the communist countries who were funding such forces, but now the Eureopean countries are the main sources of money to the insurgents besides the Pakistan Well I live in the state capital And Ive never read anything about bastar in my local daily They are far more happy in repo ing about which college had fresher pa y. cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of the cowards repo to britishamerican professionals Activists or Christian missionaries?? That line is pretty blurred in places chattisgarh. Why lady why???? Why you are trying to sell mirrors in the city of blinds???. Yeah world learned it from British scams how to take care of activities before 1947. BBC, do you know who Baba Amte & Prakash Amte are ? Ask them whether their profession is dangerous or not . cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of the cowards repo to britishamerican professionals BBC Its was never danger until some people are trying to derail India. Some fake activities are doing against India are now feeling the pain. Such bogus lady was trashed by the locals which ce ain media trying to project otherwise. So please dont fool people. Such media are responsible for creation of people like Trump, so just fair to profession. Its humble request She looks like foreign funded Maoist suppo er they not activist but leftist correct ur word BBC Always negative news for India. Is this the problem only in India ?. Hello Guys Im happy to share this testimony with you guys I never knew I can be save this way My hubby left me and my children for another woman years ago, ever since then my life have been filled with pains and bitterness,i couldnt imagine my life without him. I saw testimony about great man called Prophetjohn and how he helps people around the world,that he can bring back lover within few days, actually I was skeptical about it and said I am not interested, but due to the love I have for my man,I consulted this great prophet and to my greatest surprise after days my husband called me for the very first time in years that he is missing me and that he is so sorry for everything he had done to me,he said he want me back and we are going to spend our life together and promise never to hu me again I still cant believe my eyes because it highly unbelievable All I can say is thank prophetjohn for bringing back my husband to me and my kid and for anyone who might need the help of this great spell caster like looking for love he can pray for you to have one or fruit of the wrom. please permit me to drop his mail here prohetJohn69 It is lifethreatening career in India
Life in captivity can be sometimes unusually good especially if you are Tamil Nadu MLA cowards from IIMA should learn to compete and not block and introspect why most of their senior management professionals repo to britishAmerican educated guys but in India they are expe in blocking trying to maintain monopoly cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of the cowards repo to britishamerican professionals cowards from IIMA should learn to compete and not block and introspect why most of their senior management professionals repo to britishAmerican educated guys but in India they are expe in blocking trying to maintain monopoly cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of the cowards repo to britishamerican professionals cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of the cowards repo to britishamerican professionals cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of the cowards repo to britishamerican professionals Shame about it. This is unbelievable. Shameless and spineless cowards.
Ignore Europe, argues the viral video. Because India is amazing at being second World is giving 1st because INDIA was the first to give number system to the world . But I am the first one to comment. India first.
Researchers say hackers can use an insecure bluetooth device embedded in the toy to listen and talk to the child playing with it. cowards from IIMA should learn to compete and not block and introspect why most of their senior management professionals repo to britishAmerican educated guys but in India they are expe in blocking trying to maintain monopoly cowards from IIMA deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by Freudenberg and most of their coward senior alumnus repo to BritishAmerican educated professionals shame on the cowards from IIMA cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of the cowards repo to britishamerican professionals cowards from IIMA should learn to compete and not block and introspect why most of their senior management professionals repo to britishAmerican educated guys but in India they are expe in blocking trying to maintain monopoly cowards from IIMA deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by Freudenberg and most of their coward senior alumnus repo to BritishAmerican educated professionals shame on the cowards from IIMA cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of the cowards repo to britishamerican professionals .c. cowards from iima deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg and most of the cowards repo to britishamerican professionals Nice thanks. really love it.
Anna LeBaron father, Ervil, was the leader of polygamous cult responsible for more than 20 murders.
Social media in the fight against terror? First try to catch the political terrorists not who are asking or seeking revenge on what you guys american did to those guys and stop what are you doing now. Then may be there will be no terrorists and small tip guys never run for supremacy, if you wo it then you will have it guys He talking about terrorist But uk and USA troops killing thousands of thousands innocent kids and people , destroying building , historical building in Syria Iraq all middle east Making people homeless Who is responsible. Good job. But please include all so of terrorism be it by individuals or groups or by intrasigent super powers too Terrorism cancer of the ea h. So many people suppo ing it going on all over the world Great Good luck convincing some intellectuals that it is not some kind of profiling . Also be ready to face alligation of racism Laughable so many time I had repo ed extremely violent and many fake I not even they reacted or took action. good and pls make sure there is no loops and repetitions Mr Mark. Superb initiative. facebook is hydra Which terrorism white terrorism or islam terrorism ?. High time did that . First muslim terrorists whill detect by algorithm is Mark Zuckerberg hope your algorithms will stop fanatics too. Devesh Trivedi.
Here is what Donald J. Trump thinks about the BBC. BBC first of all you should stop being prejudiced against India what documentary r airing on Kaziranga National Park . If will fulfill your own agenda by broadcasting selective news, very soon you are going to lose your credibility not only in India but in all over the world . I hope you will do betterment and herald the Trump view. What was his answer? Please publish that. I dont think that many people would really care about what he thinks of BBC . Actually people do care about what he thinks for BBC and Media . His reaction is same as most of our politicians of UPA, when asked about scams of the present establishment, when asked about demonetization and that of Kejriwal, when asked about his promises and his suppo to those who are involved in corruption . The point is there is tendency to give power to those who are clueless about governance and even cannot defend their own actions Repo er Im from BBC Trump BBC? That another beauty just like CNN Indians reading this on FB Not our president not our problem Not our BBC NO OFFENCE TAKEN BoycottBBC P. BBC is biased they dont give trump chance. BBC India is worst than the original Donald Trump India . Well, yes. CNN is good and so is The British Broadcasting Corporation. BBC it,s selective media nd now they totally screwed up. very good and that is how the correspondent is adve ising himself which we all know is to fool people Yeah BBC once was Best Broadcasting Corporation . Now Blah Blah Corporation Still cant believe he is US president. . . I rely on BBC and PBS to give the Real, Fair News Trump contempt should be badge of honour for BBC.
Can he pull off another win? Some people including BBC exactly seeing what they wanted to show They only madeup that fight so that people would sta thinking that Akhilesh wants development and his father is hodox. That FatherSon fight was all about creating heroic image of Akhilesh Who corrected his own father and finally his father gave up. All the fuss was preplanned. Many people got trapped in their game and giving high regards to Akhilesh instead of asking what has he done in last few years of his regime if he thinks that distributing taxpayers money as Berojgari bhatta and distributing Laptops to students would be the solution of Joblessness and would improve education system then he is wrong any educated people can tell it. Their is one and only one solution of joblessness and that is to create Job like Gujarat has done decades before Had any noncorrupt leader been there in UP few decade before UP would have been most developed state in India BBC wants him to win. This repo does not represent the feelings of Majority of the voters Yes his convictions are clear. When even his father deviated towards wrong path he corrected and led the chaotic UP towards correct path Yes he can & he will win UP again. Some Gujaratis just cant win UP. We UPites know the difference between insider & outsiders . Dont think so.2 problems Yaadavikaran and RAGA.Ofcourse Yadavs will vote for him. yes he wil win, not because he should but because of the blunders committed by the BJP He has done good job ,Should be given another term It will be big joke if he wins . With morons like Azam khan Indomitable Akhilesh is going to win with comfo ableajority,. I wish whosoever win this election do some cleaning in up the crime rate is increasing day by day. Yes as compared to BJP, he did good for UP, BJP can only talk ans speech but cant do any thing Election results are as unpredictable as the climate now days Another win? He hasnt won any election by himself yet This is the first time, he is trying that . Biased repo . He cant He is aware he cant but two rivals which united can because both were about to drown. Now it will be more number for him. No power can stop Akhilesh & Rahul. Voted for bjp on 15 feb.
Mr Trump appeared in 76minute press conference where he told repo ers their level of dishonesty was out of control. he must be doing something right if the entire corrupt establishment cfr pimps and presstitutes hate him all you bbc prats love and fawn over creeps like jimmy saville but will blow bullets out your noses over trump. beware the ides of march EXCELLENT TRUMP IS RIGHT BLUNT TO POINT OUT LIES OF MEDIA. What he said is true He is just saying the truth . . . .
I said that yes I will die but that Ill fight for as long as I can. .
Recent headlines include Eritrean men ordered to marry two wives or risk jail Trump says Africans are lazy fools only good at eating, lovemaking and thuggery So what wrong with eating. Sleeping lovemaking working is 4th subject
Kim died on Monday after apparently being poisoned while waiting to board flight in Kuala Lumpur.
Dear Google boss May all ur dreams come true Chloe. Good luck dear. Jessica Sharma.
Needless slaughter?
Sasikala may be in jail, but politically she has the last laugh There is nothing abnormal in Shri Palaniswami swearing in as CM. All the 124 MLAs want to ensure that they are pa of the RULING PA Y for the balance four years of their term. Had Shri OPS been able to give that much confidence to them, they would have stood behind him Dear BBC India, His name is E Palaniswami and not E Palanaswami. Correct it. Thanks . CM means corruption member.
A vitamin D day keeps the doctor away What if you are married to doctor P. Stop posting unscientific icles like this . Ravinder Sharma Rinku go through it. Kelly Alica Liman D.
One in every 100 people has autism, which affects behaviour and pa icularly social interaction.
This blast from the past could be making comeback Over priced heard it will $62. Yup 4000rs I can get sma phone in this amount.
As the world celebrates Isro latest achievement, we bring back our piece on its female scientists who are taking India to space. This is the truest form of women empowerment for God sake not deepika padukone stripping herself. yep ur right dude I think empowerment reservation are wrongly interpreted some people run there business on this tpoic day night what is required is equal oppo unity of course respect for them .sense of equality It all sta from the basic unit of our societyour own home salute to them May come as surprise to you foreign media, yes women are contributing and pa icipating in all fields in India and the issue of women subjugation is highly complex. It has been covered in very onesided way for too long. The topic is way more complex than is comprehensible with simple grey and white lens . This icle should not trigger discussion about who is better and gender based response I think we need to appreciate that women in India are given equal oppo unities. When we use the brains of both the genders the contributors become double. And the resource also doubles overnight. After all the brains excel irrespective of to whom it belongs man or woman. Let be happy that bringing women into mainstream is working well India and we never distinguish based on gender when it comes to excellence and service to our nation discussion only around female scientists ? please help us understand in what way did they contribute more than their male counterpa or through their gender for that matter ? Soumya Bhattacharjee, Yajnavalkya Sinha, Amitava Biswas A big salute to all the male scientist who worked very hard, but never gets recognized. Just because they are women they get appreciation. It like only women achievements matters. Shame on BBC idiots Follow plase add mmkn mtb @ Dfh ls d@ lyst nt tmtllk kl trh jmyl lkn ls d@ try kl tmlkh jmyl its holdingsbeautifu see beautiful, but happiness can see allof happiness is not that owns everythingyou. Its an achievement for india credit goes to isro who are suppo ing woman scientist to pa icipating on this greatest experiment. How bad When it is male scientists you never say that it is the male scientist who have taken us to space den why will you say it incase of women dis is diacrimination. Congrats female isro scientist for dyanamic invention proud of india. Very inspiring stories of women who followed their passion to achieve their dreams inspiring examples for other women who wish to dare to realise their ambition Elders were more energetic than the youth.Mothers made India to feel proud of their heritage. They chose not to claim themselves as feminists by wasting time giving slogans on Facebook and disrespecting the other gender Rather by their guts,mettle and hardwork they proved that women are no less than men in any field RESPECT big achievement for india proud of them hands up to all indian women. Big achievement for India, big act for us, dramatic change . Wow I from now on, no one should say that women cant be equal to men. Too much love for yall incredible ladies great work salute Love from Pakistan Really India is growing India is changing. Still long way to go. Congrats to team ISRO I think male scientists more competent than women. still. Women are always equal to men but no body wants to show it thanks to U & salute to our women scientists Appreciate that at least for this time BBC has given away its anti India agenda.In India women have equal oppo unities from their parents Thank you BBC. For once you said something nice Congratulations Please keep the good work going. Wish you all many happy success in the future Congratulations super women. D whole country should feel proud of you. It great achievement Why only credits to women
Those who spend over 500,000 rupees $7,500 PS6,000 will have to give 10 of the overall cost to poorer brides This is absurd .Nobody is going to tell me how I should spend my money as long as it is white.people in power and lawmakers expects us to do austerity and charity and they themselves indulges in extravagant and debauchery Government should ozo spend less tax money on the adve isements instead do something good which they insist people to do like swach bharat , to build public toilets to build this wont cost them 2000crores but for adve isement of this kind of things it goes above 1000crs per 3 days Breaking News Government will pass bill for How much should one citizen should eat in one day Only times day breakfast, Lunch, Dinner if want to eat more should take NOC from government Big news No amount of law or policy is make difference unless people themselves are prepared to accept the extravagance in the first place and decide to make change themselves. I will invest in education anytime than compliance and if we do need to bring such law then let have top down approach than bottom up approach. What I mean by this is commitment from all the politicians and industrialists that they will not flaunt their wealth . Nobody have right even government to tell how should spent my money after paying tax . If such kind of decision are took by MP or MLA what is the means democracy What next ? Government will also put restrictions on the amount of stool one can emit in toilets eastern ones mandatory to 100 grams day. Once you have paid taxes for the money but when you spend your already taxed white money, you cannot because of these swines . For middle class it is not matters but consider if big billionaire sta spending large amount then it creates problem. How can the government tell people how to spend in their own wedding ? If the money is earned legally then as citizen everyone has right to spend it as heshe wants without the intervention of the government. Digital India job Earn money without any investment Multi level networking hours of work daily Earn 500 to 800 daily type Join and send it to my whats app number 8116183217. The government should not interfere in personal decisions after paying my tax what I choose to do with my money is my sole decision. Cant pass bill that poorer brides dont have to pay for their weddings??. Fcking rules Even if they give 10 am pretty sure that money wont reach the needy. First ban the corrupt and tainted politicians and then if you have some spare time change the society. And than make sure those poorer brides wont produce more than poorer bride. All those systems bakwas so everyone sud go for regn marriage like me, after 27 yrs of married life Im extremely happy For every luxury car one buys must donate bike to poor. What you people say Novel move But how will this be monitored and implemented is the key factor. Reduce government spending which is the tax payer money . Ive paid my taxes. None can tell me how to spend my money. How that ok You should not litigate morality. People money can be spent however they see fit First ban that JNU college will get much money and give to poor brides. Then poor will always remain poor why work when get everything at free of cost It is private member bill introduced by Bihar congress MP Annie lucky you had yours years ago . Its good , but are these practical ? or just for publicity ?.
T.M. Krishna is making Indian classical music more inclusive. My best wishes for the great noble work .
Kim Jongun halfbrother was murdered in an airpo on Tuesday.
Meet the man responsible for banning Valentine Day in Pakistan Hyppcrites picture is haram singing haram V day haram women working haram frndshp with non blvers haram ye haram wo haram BUT WEAR A SUIT NOT HARAM BOMB PEOPLE NOT HARAM IN SHO THEY ARE HARAMIS Zara khabar lagao zarur banda divorced hoga . ban terrorism and terrorist first. This shows their hypocrisy. Let it first act on how to curb terrorism and other burning issues that effect the society Arvind Kejriwal of Pakistan minus the scarf . . May he got dumped by girl Lol. Douchebag he got nothing better to do
Will the cash crisis hu Narendra Modi in his own constituency, Varanasi? UttarPradesh UPpolls UPelections BJP will form the govt in UP people had problems due to cash crisis but the people will not change their mind because of cash crunch for few weeks. That is for sure How he is making Indian public fools, he is mastered for that. He made Lakhs of Crores from his Baniya friends thru this Demonetisation by informing them months before. If he is true to what he says, it was very simple to prepare proper plan and alter the ATM machines and print the required notes in all denomination prior to implement this law. This was purely his drama, the actual reason is conve all his friends black money and empty oppositions pa ies Election Funds. Now he will come and do another round of cry as he is good mimicry ist. The very sad thing is how cruel he is, he even used his very own old mother to stand in the queue, which was not required. If he can do the cruelty to his own mother and wife, then any cruelty we Indians can expect from him If you look at the difficulties the common man endured because of that, he will suffer BBC always work against us. lol, whats the point?. Nahue Gomez take the best screenshot possible.
Players heading heavy balls may be more prone to developing dementia later in life. Digital India job Earn money without any investment Multi level networking hours of work daily Earn 500 to 800 daily type Join and send it to my whats app number 8116183217.
These tiger cubs in India have adopted soft toy after losing their mother. Where in India are these cubs? We adopted tiger from sanctuary in India for our son we are from England . Where these cubs?. So pathetic.
This weird little fellow is getting as familiar as the thumbsup. I dont even like this somebody doing this to make it famous. everything business sum ppl blindly follows it . It symbol to represent spoting Bagula Bhagat, you know what I mean P. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Shuchi Arora might find this interesting . . . . .
People all agree they suffered due to the cash sho age. But will it impact the way that they vote? If demonetization had not taken place then chances of bjp making clean sweep was very easy. Jaitley is the black sheep in bjp and must be shown the door if BJP fails in winning UP. Shubham Roy though bit exaggerated, will give you some idea what I was talking about
India ove akes the previous record of 37 satellites launched by Russia in 2014. Congratulation to ISRO Indian Space Research Organisation and people of India. Instead of wasting our wealth on weaponry, South Asian nations should fund Human Development and the development of Science and Technology among the people Those who feeling jealous of India development, they surely are Pakistanis. U can check their info. Pakistan cant ever compete with india, whole world knows that. They only encourage terrorism. Every country knows the reality, how India is? Isro made us proud and I feel proud to be an Indian Difference between India and Pakistan Launch Pads India Launches 104 SATELLITES of many countries including the US, UAE, Mauritius, Israel, Switzerland, etc in go from Indian Launch Pads. While Pakistan Launches 104 TERRORISTS to almost all the countries of the world in go from their Launch Pads ? . Hinsallah. 104 satellites in single mission Previous record was 37 by Russia, Almost thrice number of satellites Ladies and Gentlemen, here we present the best space research organisation in this world ISRO Proud of it. New era in Indian science and technology. Thanks world best Indian scientists.We dont forget our scientist and president A. P.G. Abdul Kalam, inspiration of Indian science and technology Proud movement for . who love india. Tomorrow Pakistan will test nuclear missile. you can see in the news. That what happens every time India launches rocket . India can do this ? India cannot eradicate pove y, when this will be done, it will be equal to launching of 1400 satellites launch . In order to match India feat of sending 104 satellites in single rocket Pakistan declared it will send terrorists to 104 countries in world Good Fraud one day the people will realize there are no such things as satellites Flying trash cans and you been fooling them sending rockets high up in the sky and out of their point of view. When that day comes which ever skumb bag was responsible for this fraud will be dealt with accordingly. All of you. Naveen Akshar. Small Scale Enterprises in India may see some free indigenous investments & routine credit operations. Fullfledged income operations are still missing due to enormous Bad Debts that are present in money market operations. Money Market cannot accommodate accumulation of these Bad Debts. Bad Debt Revenue are always Anti Establishment. ISRO. Numbers doesnt make nation proud while india half of the population are begging for food and modi wanted to make india great while giving schemes which doesnt working beggers indians. Ancient Indian traditional culture is based on real sacrifices for knowledge science technology products of tremendous hard work of scientists. GOD BLESS INDIA GREAT SECRET POWER OF GOD GIFTED WEPONS OF KNOWLEDGE. it really shows that this government is investing in R apa from the previous government ,though ISRO did very good job,a problem still remains with TEJAS all peoples are feeling jealousy aftr seeing the growths of India in every field. I am feeling proud tht I am indian nd my country will be tht world leader soon India_Russia_USA_Israel Modi_Putin_Trump_Benjamin. Think it joke India still receives millions PSPSPS in aid, half the country is starving, the toilet seems new invention yet they are sending rockets into space . Any jealous or envied nation can send 105 satellites in single launch and keep the record. Now it is ours INDIA Congrates ISRO and Thanq for giving India this proud moment This success has added another feather to the Indian space science I feel very very proud Wish you all the luck Team ISRO proud moment for Indian. Congratulations we are proud of our scientists. Bharat desh mahane hai Great nation love from Pakistan. Today my velentine day and fall in love with you Isro People . indians are starving to death they are going to feed aliens . Congratulations team ISRO . Great achievement. Your effo are appreciable and thanks for making India proud.
Brazilian Valentina Sampaio has more than 32,000 followers on Instagram.
Incredible Glorious Magnificent or is it? Anybody who saw it and have an understanding of cinema wont say it is overhyped. If you dont know anything about this then it may seem overhyped to you Arent these the same people who dont get the Bollywood song and dance routine . Yes it okay kins of movie nothing extraordinary too plastic it appears at times Or maybe that speaks about the quality of rest of the films this year . Not much hyped like Dangal Raees or Sultan and got Bafta for it. Oscar are also in line Bollywood too need actors irrespective of Bhands we got in Khan . It isnt great. Slightly above ordinary Yes absolutely Totally. wud luv to check it out.romcoms are awesum . totally wo the hype. Surely it is overhyped Yes. Glad mentioned it. Havent watched it A tad overhyped. ITS OK.CRITIZM BY BLACK RACIST. Too much. totally didnt find anything wo appreciating in it Definitely Yes Totally 215, 00 49 Arun Chaudhry ? TERMS INTELLECTUAL CORRUPTION & INTELLECTUAL DESTITUTION VERY VERY FEW PEOPLE UNDERSTAND??? SO THERE IS JUST NO POINT PURSUING THE MATTER FU HERMORE??? 215, 00 49 Arun Chaudhry . overhyped and overrated Godspeed Achiever What do say
Tales of hea break, elation, rejection and redemption to mark Valentine Day. Do you guys even do something or just get paid for sharing bbc uk story? india.
Models with different shapes and stories proudly bared signs of surgery. years, Bulgarian Cou and Prosecutor Office, ruining me And my relatives, using criminals to violate our rights and protect them criminals. years, try these numerous case repo ed to them in the public space by BNT and bTV, but they do not allow us, though all of our statements have written evidence. We are honest Bulgarian citizens. Not once we have helped people in need
He may be the most obvious choice for England, but is he the right one? Ben stokes is far better choice as Captain and he should have been vice captain. years, Bulgarian Cou and Prosecutor Office, ruining me And my relatives, using criminals to violate our rights and protect them criminals. years, try these numerous case repo ed to them in the public space by BNT and bTV, but they do not allow us, though all of our statements have written evidence. We are honest Bulgarian citizens. Not once we have helped people in need Who cares Not at all right. I think he is better for captaincy.
What leads young child to stand up in front of his class and say he agrees with the aims and objectives of the socalled Islamic State? May be his parents has good opinion on IS every one was right, from their respective point
India is getting set to launch 104 satellites in single mission Give big applaude fo our scientists. They quietly achieve something which is really appreciable. Proud to be an Indian Commercially it galloping initiative Hey go . Another milestone, 104 satellites in one shot. Cng sISRO FeelingProud JaiBharat . Proud to be an Indian it going to be the greatest achievement for India Keep it Up. Done it successfully. We are proud and it record too. Happy. years, Bulgarian Cou and Prosecutor Office, ruining me And my relatives, using criminals to violate our rights and protect them criminals. years, try these numerous case repo ed to them in the public space by BNT and bTV, but they do not allow us, though all of our statements have written evidence. We are honest Bulgarian citizens. Not once we have helped people in need Hats off ISRO All the best When was this project sta ed Any one . . . Great . . When hear india . India DID put man in space.His name was Rakesh Sharma. Pritesh MistryAlkesh Mistry. I feel proud to be Indian.
The Vyapam scandal has seen thousands of arrests and many mysterious deaths Achala Rawat still no one is guilty, only thousands of arrests and many mysterious deaths only GOD saved India Good. Arrests and deaths is the answer of any scandal.also cancelled the licenses Victory the truth salute the justice be proud for the honourable justice EXCELLENT MOVE BY SC.CORRUPTION MUST END Special tution special money guanteed seats. Munna bhai MBBS
Tuesday ruling means she will not be able to run for office for 10 years. Selfish and corrupt must be in jails.That is their place.They loot the people first and thereafter throw back some alms in name of helping people . Wawooooo India got justice toooooo finally.
The magazine says NakedIsNormal. years, Bulgarian Cou and Prosecutor Office, ruining me And my relatives, using criminals to violate our rights and protect them criminals. years, try these numerous case repo ed to them in the public space by BNT and bTV, but they do not allow us, though all of our statements have written evidence. We are honest Bulgarian citizens. Not once we have helped people in need Obviously all are born naked Why did they ever stop
All Ive got is the tag of fallen woman, Im exhausted. Why should I pursue the case? This is reprehensible and shameful. For too long women have born the brunt of being trophies of war. Shame on the perpetrators of such heinous crimes and shame on society for turning blind eye to it . Justic Nevr posibl because these girl women are muslim.if her fathr brothr family will cry then killed by rss bjp one should never expect justice from indian judicial system. . .
Adele was the night big winner, but what else was going on at the Grammy awards? Adele swooped in and stole it from under her nose, making her very much the Donald Trump of pop. And dont do politics STICK TO SINGING LADY. NOONE WANTS YOUR POLITICS
Last week, more than 400 pilot whales were stranded here and most died. either underwater quakes, nuclear testing, new weapons naval exercises. explosions, that change the magnetic fields and confuse the animal navigation. or even terrestrial sonar disturbances through radiation radio waves We must research its big deal weather and climate conditions change.
ICYMI The man who met his family after half century How was this man trapped. He was Chinese Army surveyor who crossed over to India and was under arrest. However on release from Indian prison he settled in MP and worked there, got married with Indian women, fathered children. It is difficult to digest the story that he was trapped in India, because if he wanted to go back, there were many avenues. He never appears to have attempted to seek help from Chinese Embassy in the matter. How did he get the news that his mother was on death bed in China, If he had communication channels available, he should have tried to go back to his country earlier Dear BBC it seems youre still Trapped in your same old thinking wish you couldve also came out of this trap Get well Ba Ba Black Ceep . Trapped is that what it is, & with an indian family and kids?. As read in Indian Newspaper, he married and had children. As per Indian government he isnt coming back BBC youre full of always try to insult india.
It hoped the signs will make life easier for visitors pa icularly those with delicate taste buds
She may look cute, but this is no Hello Kitty
Khazanchi meaning treasurer has also changed the narrative of India biggest elections. Forgone era was golden period, especiclay during Nehru, Indira Ghandi period. Now every thing considering as joke aftaer the demonetization. BBC you proved your haters right. This is very saddening. You are presenting this case like she was not aware of free medical service or her pregnancy. Beautifully crafted by hiding facts and promoting politics of manipulating public opinions Buzz off enough is enough.
I dont have words to describe the pain it was horrific. Horror . There is thing called local anasthesia.
The emergency spillway of the Oroville Dam could collapse at any moment, I seem to remember ce ain currently sitting president who was trying to bring up the point that our infrastructure is rotting all throughout his campaign. Guess he was right again . Harple Ravneet Buttar tuhde pass thek sab?.
The story of Tiziana Cantone who killed herself after private sex videos of her went viral. Sick world. Recycling old news are we? Must be slow day
Adele apparently said Beyonce deserved it more.
Patel said the win was overwhelming . I knew the family originally from Kenya for oldtimers does anyone remember DL Patel Press? He is the great grandson Proud of u. Dev Patel is good actor. ? He is back What Donald Trump Just Ordered Women to do to him Will Make You sick read this
Meet Khazanchi Nath, the baby who was born in bank line Why didnt I see any news about the baby anywhere else other than BBC?. Lucky baby , atleast you born in hall of Nationalised bank which is AirConditioned In southern state of Kerala Lady delivered baby in Loo , is it mistake of Narendra Modi????, Should he resign , is it some kind of Intolerence ???? BBC, dont pretend as Universal Repo er Look into the UK, every year hundreds of White Kids being raped by ISIS fellas , NHS giving poor service in its history, Citizens are starving and looting the corner shops , and BBC is behind NAMO You are dodgy . Why the lady comes in bank queue in so much tough condition hm ???.
An armed provocation to Donald Trump Very different missile it is looks as if the injection without needle hihihi .
Cameroon has cut off all access to the web.
The larger question is what all this means for the global perception of Indian companies. infy is witnessing the convergent schism the industry is facing. TIME. Indian companies making money by selling indian talent so none of their achievements truly
The man saved by the Cobra pose. Omg did you see this? DonaldTrumpFastFacts. .
A frustrating development for rescuers only hours after 100 were successfully refloated. I, hear the pocket ocean was not deep enough Is that true?. Nature way of self preservation when POPULATION INCRESED or testing Mercy of Man. Indeed cosmic wisdom of creation. O its so sad .
The US president tells repo ers on Air Force One that brand new order may be issued next week. He is American president now and he can do what he wants to do in his country. Why should we Indians worry about it? why so much hype?. AMAZING THIS JOKE OF A CREATURE IS STILL BEING TAKEN SERIOUSLY??? . He is not our President but the love is not less 212, 16 44 Arun Chaudhry ? YEAR 1947 AT THE TIME, WE THE PEOPLE OF INDIA GOT OUR INDEPENDENCE, WE WERE A COUNTRY OF 34 91 CRORE NATIONALS WHILE, IN THE YEAR 2013 124.91 CRORE & IN THE YEAR 2017 130.49 CRORE PLUS THAT HOW WE HAVE GROWN UP AS A NATION STILL THERE IS ONE WEIRD YET POLITICALLY RESPONSIBLE CHARACTER WHO KEEPS CRYING HOARSE ALL OF THE TIMES, N WHIMPERING LIKE A KID UNCONTROLLABLY INVARIABLY ASKING THAT HUMMAREY DESH MAIN PICHCHALAY, 70 SAAL VARSHON MAIN HUA KAYA HAI??? JUST STAY CLEAR OF SUCHLIKE NALAAYAKS & MOORAKHANAND TYPES STATUTORY WARNING ISSUED IN OUTRIGHT PUBLIC INTEREST 212, 16 47 Arun Chaudhry .
He is being reunited with his family after 50 years. With is eyes ears and all other body pa intact . With loving family too. Unlike the atrocious Pakistan and China. A few words of appreciation from BBC for the Indian hea would have been better icle. A spy is treated well, and allowed to survive blissfully in the land . Not allowing him to leave might be for preventing information leakage. No other country is magnanimous to treat spy this way. Alas BBC doesnt have the intelligence to see this Neighbours said they lived in utter pove . To the contrary the photographs indicate comfo able village life. I love china but president suppo terror masood azahar shameful. That so wong 54. Good job great India. Nice step by INDIA .
High stakes, high drama, high hopes The truth is that no pa loose All play together Manage to win some seats and disturb politics as well the country cowards from IIMs especially IIMA deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg group and in reality most of them repo to British American educated professionals and in India they are expe in hindering even when there is merit and ability to add value shame of the cowards from IIMA who promote those from their own institution with no respect for global standards. BJP sangeet som sparks fight at his constituency Sardhana meerut, now it looking pretty clr BJP lost first phase in first phase west election. cowards from IIMs especially IIMA deliberately hinder foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg group and in reality most of them repo to British American educated professionals and in India they are expe in hindering even when there is merit and ability to add value shame of the cowards from IIMA who promote those from their own institution with no respect for global standards. . . .
India most populous state, Uttar Pradesh, sta voting today. Will they endorse Mr Modi rupee ban? Well Narendra Modi ji is fine and doing well. This is the test of all political pa ies united to see if they can stop Modi ji or not. The opposition pa ies have only one agenda stop BJP and Modi ji. But know BBC he is unstoppable Pm forgot the diversity of India omitting the Constitution of free on our believe in fact respect other religion also pa of our religion let look bigger scope to bring better India .I do respect and love every religions more of all I love my India Note ban is not that big an issue for indian hindus.Congress has already been denounced for being anti hindu and for rampant corruption and hindus shall never let it come to power again. Samajwadi Pa has made redicule of itself due to father son feud and so no chances for it. Muslim vote 18 gets divided between SP and Congress and BSP.BSP of Mayawati is very corrupt and unpopular. SP performance has been very poor and more of lawless goondaraj. So the only option left is BJP which is likely to come in power again. Cheers . First Prime Minister who is not offering homes like charity but making affordable homes for all with dignity, Time to celebrate FREEDOM The Modi ji first one changing India as per his own many good steps are taken by him but I think he is suppo ing to the capitalism ,off course other pa ies will oppose him but now he is the P.M and no one can deny this In future I hope that much more better improvements he will bring in India but actually I expect that some better steps should be taken for giving respectful status towards the females in India for this is too much necessary than other technological issues .The female safty ,I want in India by him if he could . He is doing very well keep it up all the best wishes. DIGITAL INDIA JOB earn money without any investment work daily hours per day earn rs 1000 to 2000daily life changing oppu unity type JOIN and send to my message box. up dont fall for this man ridiculous speeches BBC should know BJP is going to win this elections. BJP to get absolute majority in UP Survey. God bless pm modi. MODI SAID,NO MORE INCOME TAX BJP will surely We will vote for our best pm definitely Verdict first phase UP . BJP. 211, 16 28 Arun Chaudhry ? MR MODI SiR, JUST MOVE ON & BE DEVOTED TO MANAGING COUNTRY AFFAIRS RATHER THAN CANVASSING FULL TIME FOR STATE ELECTIONS??? 211, 18 52 Arun Chaudhry ? YOU ARE GROSSLY MISTAKEN RAHUL BHAI OUR FALL GUY IS A CHRONIC PEEPING TOM GOING BY HIS OWN HONEST ADMISSION??? ISNT IT??? 211, 18 53 Arun Chaudhry .
Will the app replace the pill? Hihihihi dont say the other app will make anyone pregnant hihihihi .
On night patrol with guards in India Kaziranga park. dont get surprised to know poachers are more hienious than soldiers More needs to be done to protect this beautiful place and to get rid of poaching. As an Indian that makes me proud. Lovely . Who else really like this ?.
Kellyanne Conway told viewers Go buy Ivanka stuff I suppose there could be worse things to be shameful of rather than my country current administration but Im having trouble thinking of any at the moment . THE WHITE HOUSE MUPPET SHOW First of all who Needs this woman in the WH, second who Needs Adve ising in the WH must have been one of the SOCALLED leaders ideas. How come she just doesnt resign it so embarassing for the whole world watching this woman in the WHthis is not an ALTERNATIVE FACT it is just the GREAT, WONDERFUL, BIG, TREMENDOUS realties. Tell me ,is there another word for DUMB?? IMHO. crookedconway. . Thats not right she was giving alternative facts BBC India.
This orphaned antelope being raised by his keepers is only 19cm 7.4 in tall and has been named Thanos. Why Orphan all the lovely volunteers their thy loved, caring & sharing their problems God bless to all Volunteers & all Animals Very cute. So innocent, good he is not man .
The fiveyearold has only months to live. . .
Put small kitten in each box. Close the boxes. After some time open the boxes. What do you see? The kitten inside the box without holes has died. Out of context Book says oxygen is so impo ant for our life.We can not survive without oxygen. For example IFyouPutTheCAT Book is not suggesting that you put the cat in box for killing . Example is wrong can be use some other living beings as an example not the pooor cat . This is where we need the intelligent brains to put effo . If see the educational system is run by old chaps who passed 23 decades back and have lost all sense of education. I think this has been taken out of context. But if it so then it is barbaric to put in the minds of young ones They expect that it should have been Put an Indian in each box. Close the boxes. After some time open the boxes. What do you see? The Indian inside the box without holes has died. . Good the text didnt say COW instead of kitten else today there would have been riots all over the country. but am thinking what other example could have been given? mean any animal? or human? May be example or experiment, whatever it is, has to be removed This is how Shrodinger cat works, Adwait Riemann Sharma. . If this is true, this is unfo unate. Do we still have illiterate teaching our kids?. Repo and ensure that publication is shut for ever. Rake up animal rights issue with SC. Speak to Modi Maybe it telling them what not to do? I dont know The training of all cold blooded killer sta like this. Whiskey Tango Foxtrot . he good guy dont put him in box. Rhese types of lessons Should be bann . . . Who does that?. Wrong information I never find any text books Is this shining India? or Indiotic Modiotic
Dr Michael Mosley of Trust Me, Im A Doctor investigates. Yes thi years back rice was leave in water for hours before cooking in Bihar and uttar pradesh.this was the reasons to reduce aarsenic level.
About 300 have already died in one of the worst such cases in the country. Inspite of educating pple Dat do not throw waste in water Yet pple throw all the plastic religious waste Due to which this fishes are getting killed by consuming them. I know this not new thing but I have seen tons of the repo over the past couple years of similar instances It extremely horrible. I hope these whales can go back to the ocean Quick, where Hancock?. Terrible. Why?. What happens there??. means ea hquake is on the way. Y every February?. Anurag Tyagi tell me why this happens. So sad what is reason ?.
Has the war against poaching gone too far in this Indian park? India, is that how you look at it? it is not like the guards are shooting intruders snatching the Rhinos food, they are poachers armed and dangerous ready to butcher the Rhinos for their horns. stupidity has limit I think it the rhino which is an endangered species here, not the human, so I would say it totally fine to shoot every human intending to harm the endangered animal No. It very much justified. Please shoot poachers if you have to and save the rhinos. Very good job Instead of repo ing facts and the effo to conserve an endangered species, BBC is disto ing the news and driving its propaganda. Had the officials been gentle on the poachers, BBC would repo the same as, Kaziranga The park that indifferent towards poaching. . Shoot poachers. Cut off their ears and sell these in the market for those seeking aphrodisiacs. Leave our Rhinos alone About time we took some hard steps towards summary justice when it comes to poaching. We have the right to make our laws. It is our country. Let not the mealy mouthed over politically correct BBC make judgements on us . Low life poachers vs these beautiful endangered species. Give the guards machine guns , let them play some real life call of duty against the hunters . They know what they are doing, they are usually warned. If they stick around or fight they have basically agreed to the risk of being shot and killed Im very happy reading this pa icular icle wherein these guards are doing whatever they can to stop these ing poachers from killing these beautiful animals who are in verge of extinction ? . I think it justified approach. Why mercy those that dont show mercy. Do you love to watch nature creation vanish because of us human. Hundreds of species have become extinct because of us, because of our cruelty and because of our selfishness. The world is not meant for us human alone. BBC India are bunch of dumbfuck journalists Headline should be has the humans gone too far in poaching rhinos believing in some ancient superstition that rhino horn can cure cancer, pain and impotency and what not?? I believe we have hospitals with modern medicine to treat those Agree. If the people living nearby villages are not made stake holders in the conservation effo , it going too far to shoot at sight According to Indian thought man is not superior to rhino nature , and that is our law. If you shoot the rhino, the forest guards will shoot back on behalf of the rhinos Nope Animals needs to be protected and with poachers getting aggresive strict measures, also sometimes needs to be implemented We have 1.2 billion humans,and hardly any rhinos left, poachers are disgusting animals and need to be put down. If we have to save rhinos or any other wild species, it has to be protected from humans. I agree with the step taken by Park authorities. The problem is if you do not take drastic steps like this, locals might get into the poaching business themselves All lives matter whether Rhino or Human .Killing isnt the answer.If poaching is there.their must be an organised gang.Just by killing foot solders doesnt eliminate evil.it should be delt in its highest level . isnt it . Now killing poachers is right We suppo forest guards Rhino are endangered and we should keep them safe It duty of every human on ea , we have already killed so many species in name of war and haunting. Shooting poachers is very rights. These are armed people that won.t stop at anything. That,s the only way to save animals on this planet I am from Assam, and must say that govt. policy is right to shoot at sight, even now poaching is going on in kaziranga, which should be stopped at any cost That very nice to know there place which takes care of animals. Congratulations to them Now I love India much more ? . This is the best way to protect them. Stop acting stupid BBC India. Best effo by far to save any endangered species No they all deserve it for even trying to harm nature I think the icle is hugely biased and cheap interpretation of existing issues. Are the rhinos shooting people If you get what mean Good thing to save Rhinos
The unanimous 30 ruling said the government had not proved the terror threat justified the ban. if something happens tommorow then these judges need to be arrested Why blame game on judges can they function outside the parameters of any constitution??. It aint over.
People dreams etched into huge blocks of ice.
59 people died in the fire 20 years ago. This is the proof of corrupt judiciary and lack of justice for common indians.There were no fire escapes in uphaar cinema because they bribed authorities and got it exempted from plans to save money.It is not an accident but murder of 60 innocent citizens and murder of justice system that after 30 years hardly any punishment for Ansals.Hardly any compensation also given by Ansals to victims.SHAME INDIA SHAME Making mockery of the system. Bribes galore. Rich people rule and poor people ground by it. Mera Bharat mahan What farce year for killing 59 people year for 59 lives ?? Wahhh. It was relay very sad incident. bbc monsters inc. always celebrate death.
It was literally sheer mental strength and determination to survive that got him through. As well as being fit, strong and healthy .
Mobile phone networks are exploring the next generation of connectivity known as 5G. But how does it work? Now even 1g 2g 3g 4g is not affordable and 5g is coming. So, tell us how it works
Donald Trump Supreme Cou nominee speaks out against the president criticism of judges.
She posted picture of the two Malawian girls on her Instagram If she so love African children where was her protest when they murdered African Americans children Trayvon Ma in by her race soldiers on her door step, but make big show of her adopting African child. European underdeveloped Africa, with I. F.M. and other policies that stranglehold Africa. The treacherous African leaders still implementing the same colonial regime Madonna is just sticking plaster. It dont solve the problem. Didnt they used to buying African children has gifts for their children? I bet if it was an Black person who went to adopt an African from the continent, would it be easy to bring them back to US?. Good for her , she got wealth , health and the resources to make huge difference in these little girls lives. . She 58 . ? AYISA CHAKKER CHALLAWOON GA USSI MAIN DAFAN BJP & RSS KO KERR JAAWOON GA @ MAYRA NAAM HAI MODI 56 INCHEE??? .
Men stories of the battle to find time to grieve. .
He has put his name in the IPL auction now. Awesome What is it?. Good Mohit bhai. Well done young man let see you playing in IPL 2017. . Gurpreet Bhatia.
Has it all been too good to be true? wat is this? D. This is not Sweden.
Hypothyroidism or an underactive thyroid affects one in 70 women and one in 1,000 men, but is tricky to detect and treat.
The pangolin is on China list of endangered wild animals.
Seven generations I thought only Indians can do that Is only indian can do this. This is BBC India or BBC China.
They can see pythons even when they are covered by grass. All they need is glint of snake and they pounce. The rest of us are usually wondering where the snake is. Next thing we see they are holding it. BBC first up all they are Hindus not tribesmen .First clear your knowledge Dont speak like missionaries.
Round and round it goes, where it stops no one knows. The Dravidians are moviestar worshippers. Idiots Who the best Moviestar in Chennai? Let him be the Chief Minister. They love it Tamils doesnt want any underlying Marwari influence in TamilNadu. Also, they are eager to make separate Tamil Nation with supremacy over Lankan Territories. And they want special status for Tamil Dialect in UN. Future of TN very unstable Man, you did not do it at the right time. Saw your picture with folded hands and stooping head before sasikala with resignation letter. Now no use . There seems to be so much emphasis on the foreign collaboration in India but cowards from IIMA deliberately block foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg group Better late than never. You have taken good decision. Chiefministership is not somebody inherited prope There seems to be so much emphasis on the foreign collaboration in India but cowards from IIMA deliberately block foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg group
His word against hers? Why would woman falsely claim her humiliation listen I am an Indian I know that there are several criminals out there who do these things . It not just here criminals are everywhere So I would say no coming back to the post Problem of Nope. When was going to clg last day an old uncle sta ed touching me inappropriately Luckily I caught him on camera
A censor board official told the BBC that the film depicts Muslims as criminals and terrorists . This comes from Pakistan Oh the Irony. They have defamed Islam the most A Muslim foulpo raying his own kind? Looks greatly ironical in this age of extremism,doesnt it?? and who has problem?? Pakis definitely . which nation churns out criminals and terrorists in thousands? who spreads terror in massive doses in all the continents? who harbours underworld wanted people of all nationalities? pak undoubtedly and this step is another reminder of the hypocrisy of pak society and govt. let them be ente ained by religious discourses by the likes of hafeez saeed and other fundamentalist mullahs. Raees has done exceedingly well all over the world and doesnt need to be screened there Iet poor indians live in bollywood fascination if they are happy that way at least in Pakistan we never chose fascist and terrorist as prime minister. let them live in rosy world of movies and the realists of Pakistan will get ahead of them in every field. Had Indian censor bd done this thr would have been Intolerance. Many authors would have gathered for award wapsi, Directors would have moved to Apex cou . Parliament would have been cnon functional. Dharnas, agitations Abdul Latif was criminal who is actually shown as good guy In that case Raees actually showed Muslim criminals as good guys according to your logic. They Scared lot now days from all Bollywood movies hona bi chaiye we are IndiansAgainst Terrorism, We with SRK only Suppo one word i.e Hummanity Shahrukh signed an agreement with Hindu fundamentalist group that he will not work with Pakistani ists ever again. What does he expect in return?. Well. the movie is based on real life of the Gangster Abdul Latif. There is nothing to do with his religion its country matter every nation and its officials have the right to do what they see beneficial for their homeland No other country has the right to tell what they should do simple. There seems to be so much emphasis on the foreign collaboration in India but cowards from IIMA deliberately block foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg group FOR TheBetterIndia BBC India BBC Tamil YOU GO TO SALE TICKETS IN THEIR PLACE OR RUN YOUR MEDIA COMPANY IN SRK HOME ITSELF FOX 10 Phoenix. And BBC news always love to divide and rule I wonder why cant you spread positive news?. As if this isnt the truth . May be now the indian film makers will stop employing Pakistanis The only thing which Pak cant ban is his Terrorists Maybe if the movie had True Story , they would have let it through Now no one from Bollywood will speak against this Haha D. Logical decision They see enough criminals on their streets why pay and watch make believe one Lol There seems to be so much emphasis on the foreign collaboration in India but cowards from IIMA deliberately block foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg group Even he is Muslim I guess people in Pakistan are brainless. Yippy Yuhoo They are not obliged to earn any money from our country Slowly & gradually, thered be complete shutdown .
David and Ivy You mean highly trained combatant dog with civilian ?? Bad trend .
Intolerant town There seems to be so much emphasis on the foreign collaboration in India but cowards from IIMA deliberately block foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg group There seems to be so much emphasis on the foreign collaboration in India but cowards from IIMA deliberately block foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg group
The tapes are the original, highquality live recordings of the reggae legend conce in London and Paris between 1974 and 1978. There seems to be so much emphasis on the foreign collaboration in India but cowards from IIMA deliberately block foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg group There seems to be so much emphasis on the foreign collaboration in India but cowards from IIMA deliberately block foreign educated professionals being cheated by freudenberg group
127 tech firms including Apple, Facebook and Microsoft say the ban inflicts significant harm on their businesses and is unconstitutional. DIGITAL INDIA JOB earn money without any investment multi level networking earnsdaily life changing oppu unity type JOIN and send to my whatsapp number 8558868910. It badly required for the sovereignty nd internal security nd safety of all Americans, ppl opposing inside, it very unfo unate. an IT bailout on the anvil , & there was once the wall street bail out. nxt what ? samsung ?. USCongress can call special eminar on threats associated with Radical M both onshore & offshore. This will be blueprint of US Economy Management. The bulk of money used on afety & ecurity of US post 911 indicates US need some extra ends in Constitutional Performance. Judiciary need follow up on terrorism. Terrorism doesnt come under routine judgement principles. Al Qaeda & allied are ferociously malafide towards US Foreign Policy. To them, those should remain as pleasures & spread of them only. Nothing notable can be achieved by reframing US Foreign Policy & US Economy at the same time. Immigration POTUS USCongress. Because they need cheap labour. Its all about cheaper employee
Mr Satya hi told the BBC that his Nobel ce ificate was also missing after the burglary on Tuesday morning. Few years back similar incident happened Rabindranath Tagore nobel medal was also stolen among many other priceless objects but these criminals never understand once nobel winner always nobel winner without the medals of course. DIGITAL INDIA JOB earn money without any investment multi level networking earnsdaily life changing oppu unity type JOIN and send to my whatsapp number 8558868910. After all the records of his achievements can never be lost WE love you . Delhi police is after AAP MLAs therefore no time for others Very sad many ifacts also stolen from museum and other places no proper security lack respect for history. THIS IS MODIS INDIA. 420 DELHI POLICE WHO DONT FILE 420 CASES FIRS CHEATING GALORE. Perhaps, the robber was proving point this man didnt deserve the prize . Dat of no use for the thief, plz apply for duplicate Ohhh my How could that be possible?. What Rober knows whose house is of Nobel or Bharat Ratna This is very bad Thief should be awarded with election tkt.
The teenager looked like she had been through pure hell , the flight attendant said.
The oncenomadic Irula tribespeople from India are proving why they are the world best snake catchers. ISRO is launching recordbreak 103 satellites at time, BBC did not find it necessary to take note but some indian tribal men catches the giant snake & they are very much interested to make it news And snake catchers here in India living life of hell, no govt. identification or service, no house and also constant threat from forest depot. officials. They got only voter Id so that politicians can get votes. They dont have house and because of easily available liquor and non availability of food many are dead. When I was young every now and then they used to visit our farms and catches snakes they were healthy group of 1015 now hardly any survive from that group Golla community if Karnataka which I am talking about here are like Irula nomadic snake catchers are in the verge of extinction Please do write about VA VA Suresh. And too with simple stick jugglers . Steve Mackessy.
After record 59 matches in charge. nice gentleman, who had contributed his best to England cricket.
Sofia Ashraf posted Facebook live video of her singing song, My Vote Is Not For You, in front of the new chief minister residence. She neither leader nor CM. Please get your facts right. And kudos to the bravo Sofia Ashraf for standing up against it . BBC India BBC News She isnt the Chief Minister officially Pls have look at the content Tamil nadu leader. Ha ha ha. Bbc always fool and idiot she is not TN leader check your facts. I hope new youngsters will emerge as leaders She is tlll next month. bravo she has guts to speck up well done lady SASIKALA IS THE NEW CM? WHAT ARE WE PEOPLE OF TN DOING? THE WHOLE CITY CAME TOGETHER FOR THE ISSUE OF JALLIKATTU. WHY DOESNT EVEN A SINGLE CITIZEN HAVE THE GUTS TO STA A PROTEST AGAINST THIS OR MAKE HER CONFESS THE TRUTH ABOUT JAYALALITHA DEATH? I AM READY TO BE A PA OF A PROTEST. CAN ALL YOU CITIZENS MAN UP YOURSELF AND STA A PROTEST? LET ME TELL YOU ONE THING, NEXT WEEK, HER CASE IS COMING UP AND ALL OF US KNOW WHAT IS GOING TO BE THE JUDGEMENT. IF SHE WINS THE CASE, THERE WILL BE NO LOOKING BACK FOR HER, THAT WOULD BE THE BEGINNING OF THE WORST POLITICAL RULE IN TN. CAN ALL OF US REUNITE AND STA A PROTEST AGAINST THIS? BUT LET ME WARN, CONSIDERING HER POST AND THE CRIMINALS OF THE MANNARGUDI MAFIA, YOU HAVE NO ASSURANCE OVER YOUR LIFE. SHARE, SPREAD THIS MESSAGE AND IF WILLING, LET US ALL COME UP WITH A PROTEST AND SHOW THE COUNTRY WHAT WE ARE CAPABLE OF. LET US ALSO MAKE THIS MESSAGE REACH THE PM. THE CENTRAL GOVERNMENT CAN HELP US, ALL THEY NEED IS PUBLIC SUPPO . SHE SHOULD NOT TAKE THE OATH AS CM. SHE DOES NOT DESERVE THE TITLE CHINNA AMMA. SHE IS WO HLESS. THIS IS THE BEST TIME IF ALL OF YOU WANT TO PROVE YOU ARE TRUE CHENNAITIES. saynotosasikala PrimeMinister CentralGovernment Politics TamilNadu.
CVs from two candidates, Adam and Mohamed , who had identical skills and experience, were sent in response to 100 job oppo unities. Who got the most jobs? Muslim countries also give priority for only muslims apa from others pls note this point in ur view Yogesh Krishna Dave whose example is being posed in this icle is not muslim guess not just muslim but all asian names arent very popular with employers We are human first then we are from different religions and all muslims are not terrorist good and bad people are everywhere in every religions so dont mix intelligence with religion. Stupid question. I expect more from the BBC This happens just not to muslims but all other non Europeans . These posts are more racism provoking than what happening in the world. It is easier to get the job if your name is Ganesha for he is after all the God of good luck charm . Mohammed will get the most jobs so the employers can prove theyre diverse and inclusive It their choice Nobody business except to create trouble PEOPLE ARE LEARY OF MUSLIMS If you dont understand why then people should be leary of you too. Every love story is beautiful, But ours is My Favorite Add Close BBC India Powered By Ronnie RoHit . Bot Site sumitbot.ga . Owner sumit Kumar . This happens in india as well Sad but true . look back ask urself what ur community has done wrong. Have you lost the plot so as to stoop so low as this?. How many Muslims in BBC give whole list. Somdip check this out. BBC ur playing the same old da game
Sasikala rise to the top has been rumoured ever since the death of Jayalalithaa two months ago. Traitors Time in Tamilnadu & Weak Indian Law and Order People of Tamilnadu were given mandate to Jayalalitha to rule them however during her tenure the inevitable situations dethroned her through scams. Thereafter, whether she right or not on appointing her alternative but with her full conscious and conscience she appointed OPS to rule during her presence. Hence people too accepted it. But this current situation of TN first shows the very weak law and order of India which disable the people to directly select their Leader in predicament situation and next shows the pure Traitors of Tamilnadu. Neither Sasikala nor is Stalin qualified to Rule the Brainy and Trendsetting current TamilYouths They learnt the lesson from TamilGenocide and Jayalalitha mystery ma yrdom during this generation Hence, TamilYouths will never allow traitor to reign anymore for sure Can we please STOP splashing her images and those of the spineless men behind her on social media? . We loved with love which was more then Love Have Nice Day BBC India Powered By Ronnie RoHit . Bot Site sumitbot.ga . Owner sumit Kumar . Dumb dumb . What about elections?. We wont allow her.by TN. Youngsters.
We cried with joy, laughed and shouted Wow, we now have home Kiss me, & You will see stars, Love me and will give them to you Add Close BBC India Powered By Ronnie RoHit . Bot Site sumitbot.ga . Owner sumit Kumar . We know that but only say God bless. Hehehe she still could work .hahahah.
To obtain one infant alive, up to 10 adults are typically slaughtered.
He said the cou were making the job very difficult , and should take the blame if something happened. EXACTLY. JUDGES SHOULD BE PUT ON ANTI TERRORISTS DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES. FACE THE HEAT. THEY HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THE REALITY IS SITTING IN THEIR CHAMBERS. .
The fiveyearold was taken away by his father to India 11 months ago. We Indians know the pangs of separation and we are not that cruel to keep an innocent guy as captive but Pakistanis would never have done the same JAI HIND. Indeed we got great tradition . We did same with Chinese guy, who even crossed Broder mistakenly. Proud of my country India should always be kind to such Pakistani people, especially children and innocent villagers inadve ently cross over the borders should be looked after well and handed over back to Pakistan India welcomes it. we dont have to wait for another kid to misses hisher parents to rebuild our faded relationship.at least people should extend the hands of friendship for peaceful cooperation and coexistence with love. . Good boy must be with mother well done such steps are quite natural and need to be taken regularly by both sides???. Beast looks beautifull in forest and child under mother, salute humanity.Salute Indian army Never give children hard time. They the future of the world We Great hea Indians. JAI Hind. We are great Indians
The late night ruling means the travel ban will remain suspended until the full case has been heard. JUDGES SHOULD BE PUT ON ANTI TERRORISTS DUTIES. LET THEM CATCH THE BOMBERS FOR ONCE.SOO GROSS. He appealed ,if it stands for much? He wont have an easy time as muppet puppet.
Farewell to the iron men Rishabh Singh Pavitr Rastogi.
Mr Trump called Judge Roba ruling ridiculous , vowing to restore the ban. What about the ban he put on the African countries.
Are these the most efficient people in the world?
Boys have willy and girls need the same kind of word for their private pa s, says Swedish social worker Anna Kosztovics.
After seven years with pa of his breastbone missing, Edward Evans gets revolutionary titanium implant. Good for him. Experience the Skrilo App. Get sta ed with 10 bonus chances for the Lakhpati Lucky draw
Every baby is adorable but Bhutan royal boy has stolen my hea , gushed fan on Facebook. Such eye catching personally. God bless him Dont be rahul gandhi when you grow up Really Cute. . Respect to you Prince Of Bhutan Karma SaNgay Lhazeen this is an awesome baby.
Iran reacts by saying it will do not be cowed by Trump and vows to carry out more. Iran reacts by saying it will do not be cowed by Trump and vows to carry out more. Terrible copy BBC India. Go Iran Theyre not ICBM Protect yrself and give yr people freedom to take yr nation forward. DONALD TRUMP IS ONLY SOLUTION TO FINISH TERRORISTS COMMUNITY IN AMERICA WHICH WILL BE LESSON FOR WHOLE WORLD. AMERICA AND RUSSIA CAN JOINLY FINISH WORLD TERRORISTS FROM ROOTS BRILLANT Stay Strong and fight for your people . Guess I wont be able to tour Iran anytime soon, Saheer Sawar. Experience the Skrilo App. Get sta ed with 10 bonus chances for the Lakhpati Lucky draw There will be no IRAN in the future Mark my words They violent the nuclear treaty That as US help them to develop nuclear program for power purposes they will not use it as weapon development program Soon AMERICA will take initiative action against these unfaithful scrum.
Clearly it was too good to be true
Pictures of the text were widely circulated on social media. About Dowry problems, for Class 12 sociology textbook in Maharashtra This chapter Major social problems in India has been read by thousands of students since 2013 . lists ugliness of the girl as one of the reasons for major social problem in the country dowry. Maharashtra education minister however, brushed off the controversy, saying he will review the situation, but such terms arent wrong and shouldnt be taken outofcontext. A pa icularly insensitive paragraph from chapter of the book reads If girl is ugly and handicapped, it becomes very difficult for her to get married. To marry her, the girl bridegroom and his family demand more dowry. The helpless parents of such girls are then forced to pay up other factors that spur cast Religion Social Prestige Expectations of suitable bridegroom is, also listed as reason. And big Yes, these are the reality of Indian society. These are Major Social Problems in India . It unfo unate but true. This happens all the times, especially in rural and semiurban areas. I have personally witnessed case, where the bride side paid around 30 lakh dowry they were rich because their daughter had dark complexion It shows the hypocrisy of indian we call us progressive society behave and live in stone age we call us democratic country its myth we wear modern clothes call us intellectuals aged over 60 but act like year child every year hundreds of western and students for other country visit india to study indian society sir no doubt most indian are good people and are emotional but the quilty of education is very poor in our country beneath modern clothes social structure has not changed much it proves money or clothes does not change some people mentality if study indian society as compare to western society you will see clear difference please dont go by govt records or college books just visit villages if you stay in city then study people closely you will see the stone age mentality under modern clothes law and order in our country is not as rosy as it looks lack of justice for poor people not even basic human rights. And it provides solace to societies which were made to think themselves inferior to Indian. Yes , it is real problem in Indian society. It will make others feel better not false btw, ugliness results in more dowry, and shame on my people dowry was banned in 50s or 60s and is still practiced as norm, with these money instead of making their daughters independent by education, they gave it as dowry. See these political bafoons reactions, creating real cacophony, in India, I, CONDEMN THIS . THE REASONS FOR DOWRY IS UGLINESS OF MIND BUT NOT OTHERWISE Be realist for God sake it sociology that how the society works and making the youth aware of the societies evil is what it job. Jay Maharashtra For bringing this new hopeless reason to Dowry System Suppo ers and reasoner is the one real agents of Dowry System And the ugly men?. . For such type of incidents we have Kuch bhi. Bitter Truth It fact this real culture. its true only India is sick country
As polling begins in Punjab today, drug addiction has become major issue. But still as per our shameless leaders drug is not problem in Punjab Serious issue. That really bad . Its biggest issue in punjab. .
The ruling is seen as the broadest to date against ban on people from seven mainly Muslim nations.
There is huge concern and anxiety in the community Indian liberals will also be deeply disturbed if Porkistanis are banned in US and will curse Trump loudly . Soon hell sta banning immigrants from all countries in Middle East, then Asia, then Africa, then all of South America when hell have banned immigrants from Europe, Australia, Canada and Greenland and America problems havent all solved themselves, hell realize Americans are the problem, and ban them too, except those he likes. But, time passing by, hell realize most of them do not always 100 agree with him, so hell ban them too. In twenty years, USA were renamed Trumpland, the least densely populated country on ea h, with 0.0000000001 habitant per km2 Pakistanis will be banned from their own country soon by the Chinese . Lol. In your dreams. The ambassador has cleared it just before day or two. Quote unquote, Pak is not under the consideration to be mentioned in the ban list. No changes have been made to visa policy Pak Now just shut the propaganda up . Pakisthan only beggar country, Terrorist country Pakistan cancer of ea they are conducting the terror attacks all over the world Pakis are like If we get banned how are we gonna bomb them ? Oh dear God . I see how happy Trumps undeclared sons are . Just ban Pakistan, the problem ll solved. No need to ban other countries on the list But those who went and settled turned against the host country. We are not feared. we will celebrate. Just elites have feared. beurocrates, politicians etc But hey, Indian I.T workers have been sanctioned Youve big reason to cry over . New Name for Pakistan Forkistan, Fuckistan, Terroristan, Pornistan . Few Pakistanis will be hit by the decision but majority didnt care as we are not dependent on US The ban is good move Wishes were never dishes. GREAT EAT People vs Trump perception. This ban should be made as soon as possible Apna desh sarvashresth. MuzZlem immigrant spread hate and imposes jihad Which destroy America values Only riches and landlords are concerned with this. Oh dear That very sad . PAKISTAN IS A TERRORISTS COUNTRY.
Although common sight on Australia east coast, the mildly venomous blue blubber jellyfish is rarely seen in such numbers. It due to global warming, the warm water is causing the jelly fish to move around more and end up at places where it not suppose to. And it mostly also because of China. It not jelly fish there are millions of this species dying everyday the scientists use their blood which is blue in color for some medical use. It may be symptoms of Tsunami Amy Pearce.
He came under strong criticism from staff and the public. What rubbish is this. Bullying tactics.
From selling juice, to labelling bras, Bollywood film stars are often used in the unlikeliest of everyday Indian situations. highly dramatic.
He quality hitter, fast bowler and fielder. Hell definitely get the big bucks. He brings lot to the table. Yuvraj Singh Exactly batter, bowler and fielder.
I hope my depa ure will let you know stray animals are also life. Business have initiatives in , fun not challenge globally ?.
Listen, dont judge Translate in English language all Motification.
The case threatens to overshadow Facebook latest results.
The oil spill occurred after two ships collided off the Chennai coast. India and tn govt never take this issue seriously. Have the Captains of the two ships been arrested?. Bot Powered By Asad Khan PYTHON BOT TEAM FAWAD4,TK. PETA India Wru pl act for this .
Doctors say he could have survived if he had received medical care sooner. Behavior change needed here, bystanders can help in best way by calling EMS and applying some basic First Aid Skills on victim. In this case nobody tried to stop the bleeding infact they were busy to shoot video and pictures of the incident. People need to be more humanitarian, and less sensationalistic. A totally unnecessary death smh. Sorry but this is the first reaction of Indians towards the victim of road accident. Reason. No body trust police there. They think this is the instrument of harassment Lakes of citizens death, because of road accidents in India Vehicles speed must be reduced very odalu vehicles 12 years must noted on public roads Helicopter services in national ,state road must be provide for quick service Road rules regulations must be restricted Save from danger , save, take care every life . Impo ed attitude from West.
Drug addiction has become major campaign issue ahead of state polls in Punjab. BBC India if your posting about drug abuse then do have the dare to show both the users and sellers . I thing the train has something to do with drug trafficking If aap comes it will be worse I think so It will end once AAP comes to power.
If you dont know football, you shouldnt have microphone. Yesterday manager at yesterday club.
The Washington Post repo ed Mr Trump called the conversation the worst by far of his calls with world leaders that day, and cut it sho .
Crazy in love
A teenager just bled to death in Karnataka after bystanders who filmed his plight did not help him.Why does this happen so often in India? Because maximum people think that if he helps injured person then first doctor said him that this is police case, informed to police or not, if he say informed to police then police firstly ask many questions to person, and after that what be all persons known?. Having driven in India multiple states , I feel worried to say we have one of the worst traffic cultures. No. is the poorly designed roads. A road is more than just layer of tarmac. vehicles do not keep safe distance. No cycle lanes at all. No allocation of parking areas.Sometimes roads which are supposed to reduce traffic creates more chaos. Its high time we look at how some of the safest road systems are designed and planned. About licensing, we should implement point based system and penalize rash drivers with higher insurance premium. License should be traceable digitally. Driving schools can contribute lot to bring road safety awareness to future drivers people always gives lame excuse that. if they help victims they will be harnessed by police, this absolutely false. In have put in decade of service as traffic officer. I want to know many are harassed like this. At the most police would have asked them to tell truth witness in order to get punishment to culprit, 99 accidental death i.e., 304 A IPC cases go unpunished, because eye witnesses do not cooperate and afraid of telling truth before cou . Cou cannot pass conviction without witness. People always keeping blaming police or authority, because this is easiest thing to do, rather helping victim Its the Indian Law that safeguards such hospitals and people who dont help We need Law that encourages ppl to come forward and help Where does the patriotism and nationalism die when we see the people of fellow nation dying. When thousands of people are ready to thrash person in the cinema halls in the name of nationalism and patriotism why can one person come forward to save the life of fellow Indian. Is nationalism and patriotism just love for symbols like flag and anthem and hate for its people. Nations are not flags and anthems but people make nation. If we dont love and respect the people of our nation we are inhuman antinationals. We must rethink, that nothing is bigger than humanism and humanity He was needed help while people were busy taking picture Later they would post the picture on Facebook with caption boy died but noone helped him, such an insensitive society is this. . This is sickening Those with mobile phone clicking pictures but didnt want to get involved, could not even make call to an ambulance?? That the least you can expect in today day and age Barbaric . Because Govt didnt create enough awareness program for people who doesnt know as per supreme cou order they dont need to disclose the name to police or there will be no harrassment to the person who is going to help Sad but true. The institutes like the hospital and police need to change too. People will help if that happens. Dont generalise everything. I was in horrible accident & local people helped me, took me to hospital. I am alive because of them Things to remember while travelling in Indian roads 1. Watch ur back 2. Watch ur right 3.watch ur left 4.watch ur front 5. Be ale , eyes ,ears and senses wide open 6. Be strong ,learn to help Yourself,help others ,trust yourself,Never Give Up 7. And Obviously Not Today . This is disgusting. People should imagine themselves in that condition. Very sad Maulik Thaker this is culture issue Humanity has zero values. So Barbaric . It is becoz of most third rated Police behaviour and extreme selfishness of majority Indians It shame for our society that we cant help person who is dying due to accident on the roadside Because fascist is ruling the nation. Create awareness.The police dept.has to adve ise and create awareness amongst the public that as per the SUPREME COU order,any personbystander who helps the victim should not be harassed in anyways. SAVE A LIFE TODAY AND BE HAPPY AND BLESSED THAT YOU HAVE SAVED A HUMAN AND HIS FAMILY NEAR N DEAR ONES FROM GRIEF Yesterday an MP FROM KERALA HAS DIED AND THE CENTRAL GOVT KEPT HIS DEATH AS A SECRET FOR HOURS BECAUSE OF CONDUCTING THE BUDGET THE MPS FAMILY HAS GOT VERY BAD RESPONCE FROM RML HOSPITAL DELHI. friends, if you witness an accident and youre afraid of being witness cant you atleast inform th ambulance service for humanity sake??. despite Supreme Cou guidelines not to harass the person who helped the accident victim to reach hospital, most of the times, the police would accuse of causing accident, seek money or at least make witness, even if dialed No. 100, to depose before the cou as they like Happens only happens in India So that India wiil less population, think. Always negative news about India. This is crying shame
Hundreds of children died due to eating the fruit on an empty stomach, research says. Pesticides, Color dyes, plucking unripe, then again use chemicals for ripen the Leechi unwashed these are the main reason for vomiting. some fruits are not to eaten empty stomach papaya is one of them. we cant blame fruits. there is whole science, what to eat, when to eat, and how much to eat Having litchis which are unripened contains the toxins that may cause vomiting if had excessively,may result into fever followed by seizures and death. No need any study or resarch ,who believed or know well about ancient thoughts ,some fruits like imli,Litchi,star fruits etc never eat on empty stomach. There are researches going on ever in Science And there can be two sides of same coin Dr. Stephen Mak claims just the opposite of the theory in this icle. And according to Dr. Herbe Shelton, who has researches to suppo his theory, there no such thing like acidic fruit for us, because any acidic fruit becomes alkaline in our body OK there may be scientific reason behind it Is there something like excessive use if fe ilizers or insecticides used I dont know, if any, there must be proper explanation to it Stupid before media was currupt now scientist,doctors scholers are too This research has not considered many factors As per research due to less suger level in child was the reason but what about the child died who has normal suger level? What about the child who has not eaten single lychee because lychee was not grown or produced in that area.Dont make people fool I dont agree with the findings of this research Lychee might be one of factor but not only the factor because this research has not considered the child death whose Sugar glucose level was normal, the child death happened in those area where Lychee has not been produced and many more so I dont think Lychee is only the reason for child death Not just they ate in empty stomach its the enzyme present in lichi which was suspected two yr ago and compared with African fruit borne problem in children there. Empty stomach might have increased the effect. And its not universal few pa who are prone to this and weaker kids specially Stupid and fake news by BBC. U stupid people no one can die after eating lichi . Stop misguiding people , we eat lichi in empty stomach but noting happens to us since our child hood May be due to heavy, Pesticide and colours on the fruit . . Jai Bharat. Misleading headlines Its not litchi its the way you eat it Stupid media Aman, Pritesh, Nikita, Pooja see it is not edible could have died that day . Stop with these stupid headlines. Shriya PB, Nidhi Sridhar told me you eat lot of these. According to this news icle it possible on empty stomach in heavy consumption with poor childrens Not hundreds ,you fool bbc media who told the children to eat in empty stomach, didnt they have breakfast ?. Shocking. . Alok Dhawan its here also ??. Prashanth Henry did guys see this?.
How the proposed bill could hu Indian interests. Why is it that the Beeb India brings news to us much later than it breaks and with such poor analysis? Often, your headlines are misleading and the story is vacuous. Seriously thinking of unfollowing you Trump kicking out Indian job seekers The news may be disappointment to many but closer look will show that it is blessing in disguise for those fencesitting whether to permanently migrate to states or not. America is known as land of oppo unities but now India is likely to ove ake the oppo unity aspect in decade. I wonder why people still prefer migrating to USA. During my childhood the salary of average engineering graduate migrating to USA was almost hundred times of Indian civil servant. Today it is almost at par. In USA one has to contend with substandard food, substandard house worst culture. The only advantage is luxurious car and good roads. Is it okay for one to migrate permanently. One has to face racial discrimination and remember only one generation progreses and after that? One should not be too greedy. Think about future generations. Think about the culture. Cant we make India better and stronger than USA?. We are living in country which reserves jobs and other oppo unities based on caste Even then some are getting angry when foreign country trying to give more oppo unity to its citizens. If india can reserve some seats based on caste in every sphere, then why cant US provide more oppo unity to their own citizens??. Before US election bhakts were praising trump but now Im sure they might be hiding their faces
A recent government study suggests that more than 860,000 young men in the state, between the ages of 1535, take some form of drugs. Empty mind is devil workshop that what Punjab has become Simple. Lack of education about substance abuse and lack of activism too All because of Badal Ashamed but it is true. Lol , only negative propaganda from stupid media
The grand old lady was aged between 8590 when she died. There has been no great elephant so far greater,bigger and beautiful than Guruvayoor Kesavan from Kerala . Her troubles hard work has ended no more ppl riding her and dressing her up please save the animals. will these ever end. which indian talking about, dont see anyone here. It great loss.
Football lawmaking body will look at the proposal at its annual meeting in London in March.
The woman, Zarina, tells the BBC she is the victim of horrifying and unprovoked attack. Yashita Vashishth its all true what I said . She is human being treat her with respect and love. Savagery. Hope he doesnt get away with this. Bloody Afghan husband or bloody Afghan hound Extreme stupidity. must be by beast It horrible. This is not Afghanistan.
Analyst Vivek Kaul says the government is trying to offset the negative effects of demonetisation by spending big. They are still calculating with fingers not computers it seems how much money came back, how much was black, how much counterfeit, how much was printed from where etc even after so long dont think about serious budget incompetants Standards of BBC repo ing are becoming disappointing The capex and infra spending has actually taken hit these years BBC needs to do its fact checking before publishing Wow, ineffective schemes and subsidies to fix problem they themselves caused. Some give the BJP prize Its already got lot of cash in bank so why not to spend it. I never knew that BBC was so biased . Nothing much for the salaried class. As expected Lol BBC again. Only negative propaganda from BBC Thought he was with TV 18. is it problem for BBC India??.
The Chinese man who has been trapped in India for more than 50 years. He should be allowed to visit China and the Government of India must facilitate this process with the help of Chinese embassy in Delhi. He should also be allowed the right to return back to India if he desires so BBCshame I wish he accidentally went to pakistan Lol he would hav been killed the same day he got caught instead of being behind the bars fr years Atleast Then you wouldnt have posted something against India proud of Indian government atleast he is alive and settled BharatMataKiJai. at least he is allowed to marry and live freely in india, in another interview he said he has no desire to go back to china, his faimly is here in india, he has only one sibling in china who is un traceable. really dont understand how it can be so difficult. Since he can contact his family in China, cant they send over his documents and he can register as an Indian citizen, get passpo and visit his family as an Indian citizen?. He might have entered into India accidentally without any purpose but he lost his life which he never gets it back. If he had transgressed across the border with wrong intentions, he would have deserved the punishment. Unless so, it all his fate Nothing can be reconciled Pity every human being wish to go back his own country & to meet their loved one . Our gvmt do something ,for his last days BBC also pls go to Pakistan share such messages about thousands of Indians spent their lifetime died with hope of coming back to their homeland one day this chinraw gentleman has been treated well in India with love family so there should not be problem for him to go back if he approaches the right channel The question is, if this thing have happened to any of our Indian brother after the 1962 war, will Chinese Govt and the people would feel the same way as we Indians do?. Came over without any ID, during war. Well he is lucky that he is out and about living his life not in some rotten jail. If the roles were reversed I am very sure chinese wouldnt be so kind as to let Indian soldier. assimilate into their society His relative in China can come to India to meet him, why didnt they came ? What holding them ? There are lots of Indian living abroad with no paper, they do want to come but due to lack of paper and identification it is not possible They sud hav depo ed him to China atleast after the war why did they put him to jail for such long years without evidence that he was Chinese spy? We too sma with playing somebody life what shame. Let go indian govt it hard to believe that in 50 years he couldnt made contact with chinese govt or chinese embassy in india Just read how Chinese people raised up the kids of their enemies. I have faith in the present Government.I think they will grant this humble soul his Wishes Well India is not that bad, actually I like Indian food Hehehe . I have pity wid him Indian land is also trapped in China Why BBC not notice this. Trapped??? He is married happily with kids and house etc How is that being trapped???. FIRE SAFETY MISSION 2017 Safeguard your mother, sister and wife from Gascylinder blast at your home. features 1 Saves 10 12 gas 2 Automatically cut off gas supply if any leakage. 3 Indicates remained gas in cylinder. 4 Tested by ARAI Automatic Research Association of India , 5 Awarded by Commerce and industry Ministry, India government. 6 1.25 Crore product liability insurance. Discounted Price 1399 Rs Only MRP Price 4300 To Order Please Call , Watsapp , Msg 8879634763 9323115522 9323115533 Delivery Our technician will come to your doorstep and install it. Protect your family to protect nation Share as much as you can to save our loved ones and friends but his family can come to india there can be no obligation on that. He deserves his freedom thats what Real Indian would do please let him go . Sushma Swaraj Hello madam, please look into this if can help him any way. And he is still full blooded Chinese, can never change nor adapt to his new environment Asis Tewari Jannan Saravanapavan Sam Chan Jin Tee David Henry would be killer is this was Sam masala for life . I sincerely hope he will be allowed to visit China and reunite with his family there. I wish him well with his life I wish to go back his own country to meet their loved one also wish that Indian govt should take step.
The falcons were repo ed to be well behaved despite their scant attention to fasten seatbelt signs.
Chief executive Tim Cook said Apple had sold more iPhones than ever before .
The rare genetic disease produces scaly, barklike growths which pa icularly affect the hands and feet. The Bangladeshi tree man was cured in Dhaka Medical College Hospital. They had whole episode about this in Grey Anatomy Is there any cure available for this disease. heard abt dis ??? Ashifa Nizam. Anything about is impo ant. Very tragic
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley allocated funds to bring more irrigation, roads, electricity and sanitation to villages. Increasing flow of money to manrega and others in which pockets would that flow?. naaic posstt Ronnie RoHit ValobaShahin.Tk Self Bot BotBoss.Tk . N Health. ? BOT BY YASIR NAZIR ANITA BISWAS 3.
The visa ruling came days after President Donald Trump blocked individuals from seven majorityMuslim nations from entering the United States. Indian citizen not affected by Trump executive order. Hope this man has not publicly praised Hafiz Saeed or other terrorists active in Kashmir. Why would he want to come? There are lots of beautiful countries to visit including his own. U. S. is not the perfect place in the world Amount of Hindu terrorists suppo ing this is appalling. India is not under this ban Good decision . Trump has more follwers in india called hindu right wings. naaic posstt Ronnie RoHit ValobaShahin.Tk Self Bot BotBoss.Tk . America is watching .
As finance minister Arun Jaitley presents the budget, we look at the high stakes involved. OMA Ronnie RoHit ValobaShahin.Tk Self Bot BotBoss.Tk .
Many people think Arun Jaitley will have to take some big bets
Who would you pick? She is unique player and she deserves it, because she can do things of almost imperceptible excellence and is gem to watch. . First among equals both steffi and serena. Obviously . yes She is . No she is not. pretty much. Yes she is.
Fossilised traces of the 540millionyearold creature are exquisitely well preserved . He must be pandit. And who might that be?.
Stubbing out cigarettes Stupidity all its way. Smoking is not bad. Cigarettes with chemicals are bad. Tobacco is good.
Analysts say that if the bill were implemented, it would be horrible news for India IT sector. Actually Indian IT sectors are just like service providers to US big IT companies whether it is software or 24 hour services So they dont have enough jobs. Many IT professionals work in monstrous US IT companies as they require large number of professionals for developing, maintaining and upkeeping of their product & services ,which are inturn used by many people and companies . Now it maybe chance that US companies will go under heavy job cuts and instead of using highly paid American worker they setup their branches to some other nearest Trumpfree country like Canada and would continue on doing their business at lower cost or they will completely outsource their work on contract basis We are living in country which reserves jobs and other oppo unities based on caste. Even then some are getting angry when foreign country trying to give more oppo unity to its citizens. H1B trump. Let all Indian unite and stop using product of American company Let ban American company in India If every Indian pledge to bicot American product We will not need them for any reason. Ultimate India will get advantage. INDIAN can develop India by best quality brain use here. Because India always expo best quality product and brain. Since many of the people who will return have lot of capital with them they will act as job creators so no this wont lead to people losing jobs Will there be enough jobs in India for so many budding IT professionals. In case we the INDIANS stop the suppo for IT OR any international firms. They will be clueless as to how to over come the situation which came in form of ve ual tsunami. The dedication and commitment to work when compared to the US citizen. Once we boycott thant is when our value matters I think it good for us Indirectly, it will help to stop brain drain of India. Pray & hope for the best 131, 21 01 Arun Chaudhry ? DESH KA DUR BHAGYA KAMBAKHTT LAMBA CHALNEY WALA HAI KAYA??? OFCOURSE DURING THE ONGOING REGIME OF MR MODI GOVT OF INDIA??? I SINCERELY HOPE & WISH IT WILL NOT & IT SHOULDNT??? ? 131, 21 01 Arun Chaudhry . Ganesh Moola M.
This is the first time the government has admitted that the ban had negative impact. Never knew that demonitisation was supposed to create warm and positive effects. It is measure to create an immediate negative effect. Bbc doesnt get well with the govt guess,their people donot get the incentives they need,right?. Please read if you can and understand what India and it official ministers are trying to say I think you have employed illiterate people or ones with no brains who write such icles BBC India. India is projected to be fastest growing economy 201718, dumb news channels from dumb countries will definitely have their backs burning Thank God, at last the government has admitted the truth that demonetisation had adversre effect on economy. Please admit more than 150 deaths of people and inconvenience caused due to notes ban Some people are so naive and clueless. Did they imagine demonetization as magic wand and in just months woof Economy back to normal? Of course there gonna be negative spiral however in the long run its definitely gonna help the Indian economy. Would you still be ok if the bloody congress ruled India??. Bhakts will still blame BBC instead of seeing that the survey repo is by none other than the government of India and not BBC who has only covered the news It no news that demonetisation has had severe negative impact on the economy. Good that the Govt has finally admitted that they have made blunder. From wanting cashless economy to making lesscash economy to now wanting to pump in the cash all over again into the economy, it is all over the place, seemingly clueless about what to do to save their own faces. Admitting is not even the tip of the iceberg for the losses theyve caused. What to be seen is what are they gonna do bout it moving forward Demonetization is real failure no black money hunted till now all cash flow deposited in banks even fake currency as well black money holders made it white by losing 20 only bankers earn good percentage CA as well cash is in market every thing was same like before 8th nov This has taught people of India Good tricks to mk black to white Anti govt. mouthpiece engaged in misleading public.The Govt.always maintained that there would be temporarary negative impact and pain Is that all you understood from our Budget, I mean I know r British and dont like us and think still rule us, but still it good to have more points. Shame on BBC. It is known that demonetisation will have negative effect in shot term. But in long run it is ce ainly beneficial Ok so what bbc negative effect is for sho term eventually it will benefit India washing out the chronic diease our country suffered for long term called corruption and terrorism . But is good in long run. Even Dr. Ambedkar said that currency notes must change in every 10 years. He was great person and suggested many plans out of which lot was not implemented at the right time by previous govt. Well demonetization step should have been taken long before. But, jab jaago tab savera Why do we have to wait for ConManModi BakwasJhumlaPa to tell us what is true? They are the biggest liars. If the NoteBanScam wasnt being watched so closely by foreigners, our jhumlabaz government would STILL be insisting they had conquered corruption . The PM of india yesterday himself admitted that indian economy was strong when he took this decision.so whats the logic of destroying already strong growing economy people are still blind. it clearly shows they never did any preparation or study regarding its impact but still people of india cant see. In history gandhi parivar did mistakes and still people of india suppo ed them blindlyat that time , same things repeated here but this time its not gandhi You fools BBC India , government already informed beforehand that it is going to impact economy in the sho term. What is new that you are telling? Who is the editor of india?. This is not new story or revelation.Please here to what PM has said in his speech .He has said that there would be adverse effects in the beginning and later ad things smoothes out economy will sta growing again to targets Blind bhakts will go mad at this, how it even possible that their leader is fallible. BBC is either misinformed or is spreading falls canards to downplay Modiji When Briton rubs it nose in Brexit it keeps silent When Briton went down economically along with other nations of World , lndia stood unscathed Lier BBC BBC is full of illiterates or what you think, are Indians illiterates?. Completely rubbish icle from liberal media, trying to misguide people. Brainless BBC. It irritating to see how journalists of BBC india can speak with so much confidence as if they are economic expe
Some adoption cases end in failure, but why would an adoptive parent return their child into care?
Gayathiri Bose told the BBC she was humiliated by the experience People who are laughing I hope when and if ur daughters or sisters or mothers have to go through such insanity wish it never happens . .then guys laugh too Not surprised Ive gone through bad experience myself at Frankfu airpo . Not as harsh and rude as yours though. Ms.Bose should definitely take some action. It unacceptable how outrageous and unapologetic the insensitive cops are . Many years ago my wife and son who is now almost 25, had similar experience on Lufthansa. There was male flight attendant who denied my son any food between DFWFRA and was laughing when my wife asked again. Seeing what was going on, another female flight attendant brought tray for him. My son was years old then and was in tears not knowing why he was denied meal when everybody else around him including his Mom wasnt. On another note, I found the people working at the FRA airpo to be rude including the Turks who work there. It been almost 15 years since I have flown Lufthansa. My experience at the German Consulate in Kolkata was equally frustrating. There used to be German lady by the name of Mrs. Bose, I still remember. Her behavior towards us was ok since we were Green Card holders but her attitude towards the native people from Kolkata was dismal at best calling almost everyone an IDIOT Do the same back to them. Everything should be reciprocal. If treated well treat them well and if not treated well them treat them the same. Take emirates, Etihad or qatar airways all world class airlines with fantastic connectivity in india Lufthansa is not the only airline Dont feel bad sister the plague of mass appeasing populism is on the rise across the world, we are all considered as untermenschen, the place for normal, logical, decent and sober liberalism is simply evaporated People who generally speak lies as nation may prove such things There was an old saying Honesty is the best policy we have forgot long ago But she has such big smile on this pic , maybe free publicity does this In her previous life that officer must have been guard at concentration camp Its Ok.Its not like India. They dont like liars.Feeling humiliated.dont go there Respect something which we humans have come to know as just word in dictionary Awful I can understand how scary it must have been What Rubbish. this is bizarre no women should go through this. May be she looked like hitman Rajan Chaturvedi see this
Not cute. It can be catastrophic .
The US is grappling with the idea that Mr Trump has already gone too far. DONT YOU EVER CLEAN YOUR WATER TANKS WHAT YOU DO FLUSH OUT ALL RESIDUAL DI Y WATER USE PESTICIDES FLUSH IT AGAIN AND THEN REFILL IT AGAIN FOR WATER STORAGE THE SAME IS FOR THIS IMMIGRATION TEMPORARY BAN MOVE DEPO ING ALL REFUGEES TO MAKE A FRESH COUNT AND DATA TABLE FOR NEW REFUGEES MAY BE ALLOWED TO ENTER AMERICA ON BASIS OF CLEAN IDENTITY THANK YOU WITH LOVE
My mother said she wanted to see me as her last days were near. I said I was trying to return. Nobody helped me. She died in 2006. One bad thing happens and people sta blaming the entire India. People need to visit countries like Syria and Iraq to understand the impo ance of India. Good and bad things happen in everybody life and in all countries. But blaming it on an entire country shows internal weakness of character. A country does not make its people. But people make country. People are to blame in the end and not the country Living in India itself you wont realise this. But living in foreign country, feeling the loneliness and feeling home sick will make you realise the impo ance of India . Foreign minister Mrs sushma swarz who is very kind suppo ive should look into the matter personally allow this Chinese person to return to his mother land Very sad. Why the Chinese embassy did not help this Chinese man to visit his mother he is indian now , with indian wife grandchildren his embassy not helped him too late Lo,how I wish there was no Nationalism . India trapped by China in last half century because of its policies. They have middle kingdom syndrome What pity It hard to live that life. This is so disgraceful India .
Delhi and Washington both believe he masterminded the shooting and bombing massacre. As its getting hotter outside, Mr. hafij Ji decided to stay inside getting some Cool air from his Brand New AC which he got as Cou esy Gift frm Pakistani Govt What about Colonel Purohit, the serving colonel of indian army? He killed more than 100 Pakistanis in Samjhota express blasts It has been many many years since, what has the trail so far achieved.? Let Pakistan be also involved in investigations P.S another Indian terrorist Kulbushan Yadaw who was arrested in Baluchistan. India is sponsoring terrorism in Baluchistan and must be held accountable for it It was not shooting or bombings It was terrorist attack U would call it terrorist attack only when it happens in Europe Right?. At last, one good thing has happened coz of the crazy Orange man . Yeah accused of terror plot which was India government inside job. That not what am saying that what your own people said. Lolz . Hahaha it just drama of piggistan to prove the world that they are actually fighting terrorism so that US and Trump dont impose banhammer on them If US bans them their bhik mange ka katora will remain empty after china US is the only country which gives alms to piggistan which piggistan uses to reinforce its terrorists ShameOnPiggistan. how could beast with 10 mn $ bounty on his head enjoy free movement coupled with fiery public speeches ? he wasnt in hiding like obama in abbotabad. wouldnt anyone have tried to claim such rewarding bounty, unless this monster was protected round the clock by the govt.of pakistan. ?. Pakistan feels the pressure. Hats off to our daring PM and US President. Next step to declare Pakistan Terrorist Nation No doubt about his involvement for the number of innocents he killed in Mumbai he was the mastermind of cowardly attack,his time will comw . These are all bloody eye wash to cheat the world and to protect him more This is not detaintion but protection to him like Osama bin laden Now that Hafiz has been house arrested by his homeland,it will be interesting to see how China denies him the status of terrorist. PAK EVERY YEAR THE DRAMA YOU SHOW AND GIVE HIM VIP TREATMENT AND PROTECT HIM FOR MONTHS And he hold press conference to announce this lol Pakistan is fooling trump Pakistan only beggar country they begging everything from USA and chaina. They have only Terrorism . This is stupid drama.lol. They trying to innocent in front of the whole world Now they protecting him officially D. Again new SHOW OFF pakistani pure politics. Trumb will release Him . By giving him lavish house arrest. No single evidence is provided by India or America than how can China and Pakistan can declare him terrorist. Why dont UK believe so??.
She had questioned the legality of his immigration ban. whatever trump did its all better for his country. All other countries must learn from it and banned all terrorist countries. its not against humanity its all about saving humanity and lives in our own country So unless youre YES Man youre position is history. Dictatorship 101 Get rid of the opposition She didnt question the legality. It is federal legislation voted for and signed into law by President Obama. She chose to not uphold the law and to use undue influence on her subordinates Youre fired The Apprentice goes live on bigger stage Shouldnt even attempt. US is double democracy. Highly super constituted The apprentice all over again. No doubt America will become great again . EXCELLENT. TRUMP WALKS THE TALK. HE HAS PEOPLES MANDATE. Obama leftover is still wiggling Both acted as per their conscience .
Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated on this day 69 years ago but his ideas of HinduMuslim unity still haunt India Hindu hardliners. my only discontent with congress and gandhiji is that they watched silently as the country was ripped in half and thousands lost their lives and millions their homes.i think both pa ition and declaration was hastily done That the biggest hoax Mahatma Gandhi and Jinnah were for division of India he was never for Hindu Muslim unity he is person who tore apa societies and the Indian subcontinent. BBC news pls stop assaulting pa icular community U stand true to ur roots divide and rule Moreover, there lot of history behind pa ition of India and the last viceroy was responsible for that along with few Indian leaders rather politicians leaving India burning and crying . If Gandhi got killed by any muslims he would have become hero for BJP and RSS,Instead of patel they make statue for Gandhi, they blame all indian Muslims responsible for his unfo unate death , but since he got killed by ex RSS terrorist and an hindutwa fascist Godse , BJP wants to sideline gandhi and his principles No Need to be Hindu Whosoever Loves Bharat & Knows History Will ever Hate Jinnah, Nehru, Mountbatten trio for Dividing India and Mahatma Gandhi for his minority appeasement politics . People outside India thinks Gandhi is someone we are proud of. Lolz, dont know about others but am not. I really like what Mr. S.C. Bose did for us the fellow India . India would not have divided if Gandhi would have died earlier. He ruined our nation For everyone who blames Gandhi for pa ition, my question is what do you want? The physical land of Pakistan & Bangladesh or the people who live there?. Many prominent person who sacrificed their life for nation pride ,their actions and impo ance had been buried by these so called selfish leaders Gandhi and Nehru and their family extensions also promoting their family business in the name of Hindu hardliners so continue it there are fewer more days to do it. Does hindu exits,no special gita or veda teachies exits like Madrassa Quran nd Bible in Catholic school Say its Islamic country. In the begning Jinah And Gandhi were strugling to get independence fro Britsh empires. There was no idea for seperate independent state for Muslims and Mr. Jinah was leader of cogress alongwith Jinah. But to the behaviour of some extremist hindus like RSS BJP etc. Mr. Jinah thoughts that Muslims would not survive with these extremist hindus and then he quit the congress and joined Muslim Leagge and demanded for seperate state for Muslims. But when we see the conditions of all minorities including Sikhs, Tamils, Gorkhas Assamies and muslims in India, we think his decision for seprate state for Muslims was absolutly correct 2106 demonetization killed 32 people Parliament winter session washed thousands of hindus and Muslims were killed in 1947 pa ition who was responsible fr it kyaa itni jldi thi pm bn ne ki apne logo ko phle hindositaan le aate fir pa ition declare e Gandhi is not different from present day politicians . He is hypocrite he wrote in English newspaper that caste system must be removed but in gujrati newspaper he suppo caste system Navy revolt was the reason for British leaving India and must have been credited for freedom but this idiot took all credit He even disregarded Bose ,Bhagat Singh ,C Azad contribution for freedom. My hea felt tribute respect to the father of the nation. His ideology will always inspire our country will stick to the teachings beliefs of the great souls how imaginative , but hindu rightist want to side line Nehru & Indira most & they want the rest of the family as their opposition to exemplify the trail as the culmination of ID looting of their own in all social & political dynamics . Gandi was an Amazing Personality unlike terrorist modi. I am Pakistani but respect Gandhi every sane human being would. Gandhi worked for dream which cant come true in subcontinent. No one want to sideline Mt Gandhi , He is most Precious asset of modern India , Only in Media some people see those who ant to sideline Gandhi ,and those like people look such like thing who want to have any Copyright on his name , otherwise all love him and everyone he is Still Hindus are not so unity , Muslims attacks on Hindus, teachings ,history awakening to understand ,in India Hindus are one, castisum for develop culture . Why india divide two pa . why muslim. Take advantage by yours. unity theory why kashmiri pondit in bad conditions why dawood harm india killing huge people by Bombay blast Hindu in India today is in helpless conditions give us answar. Gandhi fail advocate,and puppet of British, Nehru and Jinaah enjoyed life. Subhash Bose,Vir Saverkar,Sardar Patel,Bhagat Singh, Bismillah Khan are left out. Nathuram Godse along with his brother and frnds with .22 calibre black Barrata were much ahead of their time. British media would say that, yes. In the face of stronger resistance from other leaders of India decolonization movement, Gandhi benign approach gave some comfo zone to them Please read why I killed Gandhi by Godse. It was one man project and thinking. Now Hindu understand that there were enough reasons to assassinate Gandhi Gandhi is just statue now, his values and ideals are nowhere to be seen in India In the beginning of 20th century only the Brahmins were educated, some group of Brahmins wanted to free India from the British rule and some group of hardliner Brahmins like Rss were happy to be ruled by Britishers. After Britishers left India due to the effo of Gandhi, Nehru and many true freedom fighters, RSS was unhappy that Pakistan separated from India because they dreamt of an Akhand Bharat, not separated Bharat. They thought Gandhi was responsible for the pa ition, so they eliminated Gandhi. RSS founder Savarkar was deeply influenced by the writings of Italian christian fundamentalist Mazzini who dreamt of Akhand Italy RSS ideologies were derived from christian fundamentalists ideologies of Europe, RSS even suppo ed Hitler genocide of Jews
It would undo everything achieved in talks between Theresa May and Donald Trump, it says, as petition gets more than 900,000 signatures Why do they react so much when some Muslim countries are much more stricter than Trump. People against POTUS visit in UK are mainly due to work intent. These are extensive method on Brexit Calculations. BoE must understand people intention
What is going wrong for Liverpool FC?
Officials at the Ningbo zoo shot the tiger dead after it attacked the man who had entered its enclosure They should have shot the person for entering the enclosed area I might sound hea less, but F it. I dont feel pity for that idiot. R.I.P. Tiger. Wish he hadnt jumped into your area. And you would be alive Always always the poor animals paying for the stupidity of mankind Really an idiot b4 shooting tiger they should have compared the population of tiger with the population of human in China They murdered poor tiger for no fault of his Shame zoo authorities . Another Tiger bites the dust coz some lunatic decided to go say hello Agree the enclosure is the animal personal space. The intruder should have been shot not the occupant BC tranquilizer gun is something they might not have heard of .Then why the k they running zoo Why to shoot the Tiger.It was the fault of the Man who entered it Territory. They should hv shot the man entering the zoo shame on thm. They should have shot the man instead Idiots they should have shot the man. Once again an animal dies because of the stupidty of man. Cant believe people dont hv mercy for animala. Stupidity at its heights. Some let those tigers go home. This is not BBC China dear. That China for
Well, that was intense.
The move has been widely condemned. This ban will ce ainly save America from jihadists terrorism ,every country who wants to save his land from Islamic jihadists terrorism must suppo this ban and enforce this ban in their country . President Trump is true Nationalist and Patriot. The World wants to see him working for their interests Wait for sick hindu pandits to suppo this idea. sick hindu comments coming in .
Of course it was going to go to five sets. Of course it was going to make you feel sick for four hours. It was fantastic match and it ws fantastic fifth for Federer A final between Naal had been fully unexpected but it made history nice Fifth Australian Opens . Avignyan Mukherjee, read the caption given to this icle. Of course it was going to make you feel sick for four hours. . It was such fantastic match In simple but strong way, r the best.
Happiness is no laughing matter Great initiative . Much elevated thought.
The dabbawalas of India possibly the world best food delivery service use clever numerical code to ensure that lunch is always delivered ontime to the right place in Mumbai bustling metropolis. . They manage there work systematically. Hip Hip hurray for MumbaiDabbawallas. Thumbs Up for post like this. We would love to read more . They have probably the best management skills. Steph Moore Michela Bernasconi.
Secrets of Japan no hern wilderness.
The trick to never forgetting. .
Donald Trump relationship with television dates back 30 years.
The happiest countries for expats. Karan Koshy check it out.
Is there more lifeaffirming action one can take than to leap?
The surprising power of tiny brain. Many more happy returns of the day . May God bless abundantly Kerushna Bharucha hahahaha. Mystery solved now know why I call bumble bee . It doesnt depends on size it depends on the power of it.
A radical plan to defeat pove y. Think Efficient Service delivery is the more required than money for poor as pove is aggaravated by series of droughts and other natural calamities. In developing countries Instead focus should be on agricultural and other reforms to improve employment and productivity Good icle.Any ideas to alleviate pove is welcome.However human nature being what it is I very much doubt if this idea will work in practice.The welfare state is pa of this idea and just look around to see the society we have created Guessing pollution would skyrocket setup environment so easy to live for free again instead if willing to live more @ with nature again. Plant free nongmo fruit forest in each city with all edible mushroom varieties planted on fallen logs After that legalize horses in cities again and across borders and campingteepee on crown land and fishing if only what cooking to eat all for FREE. . india can afford it, just need to end all other schemes which were supposed to tackle pov y. yeh BBC, dont spread this propaganda in ur country freebies promotes lethargy in system How could state risk it economy? Providing basic money to tackle pove is good move but putting more money into circulation would economic instability. Rather the state should focus on providing basic amenities to everyone. Firstly, what is definition of pove y? What of even basic income is not sufficient?. Then people will stop working at all Then state will go bankrupt. An universal basic income plan for distributive Justice ?. Bring communism straight forward
The quiet return of pen and paper.
Death Valley bizarre landscape.
What if we knew the afterlife was real? That is NOT an issue. The TRUTH remains the TRUTH, your opinion DOES NOT count. YES, there is an After Life and that after life is the real REALITY . There is no afterlife Paul Anindya How are you so sure? Youve been there? Youve proved that God doesnt exist?. Yes there is life after death,,we all have to face that,.
Can you really learn how to be wiser? The Torah Proverbs she is the tree of Life.
just read the headline thrice. cant believe it lol.

The fastest commercial train on the planet. Haha well done china?? This was german design and development and sold from siemens to China Rubbish Wait for Japanese Maglev & China will be nowhere near it
The man allegedly trapped and kicked the Muslim airline worker, saying Trump will get rid of you all Well done world needs more of that treatment bad days ahead for muslims Niharika Panwala next time you ask me, why not USA? Here is your answer . Punish the guy, lock him up for four years , set an example Herr DT And so it begins is this truefalse?. this happened in london also where hijab clad woman was asked to deboard bus. socalled cosmopolitan cities very soon Media will destroy the world ,. That guy need Nobel peace prize for doing so Proud of you Trump Suppo ers Kick out all Islamic Freeks who want to takeover American and forced it to conve into Islamic state That guy must screwed with trump on Mars Manipulated s. Trump is the greatest. Lol, why it going on all over the world. SICK That is uncivilised inhuman. KAUN HAI YEH TRUMP ROGUE???.
Rescuers found four more bodies on Friday morning. My deepest condolemces to brave soldiers and their families. Kashmir has become the death trap for India army
The US Depa ment of Homeland Security is testing facial recognition technology and biometric scanners that detect suspicious travellers arriving in the US. Yes, we need more similar measures to be taken for the security. .
The restaurants serving unwanted food. I always adore anything like this . Lot of waste food is fit for consume esp by poor. Ryan Sequeira Advaitha Iyer Josna D ouza John Kure.
Making Mexico foot the bill which Republicans say could be $1215bn was one of Trump key election campaign pledges. Trump will bring back the days where we used things as mode of payment to others Sayfucktoglobalization . Perhaps only US forwards wholesale credit to Mexico at market price. The wall price seems 16 times less than such credits. These credits are the sole reason of production quality in Mexico. POTUS Mexico BorderWall. Mexico should sell to Japan and Canada instead
Thai people dont like to say no.
This hit Englishlanguage book is almost unknown in the Englishspeaking world.
This bird moves like ballet dancer. Arfak Parotia sounds Gujarati Yes they are by nature masters of choreography.
The women who prophesied Armageddon.
An iconic Australian telescope has begun major new search for ET using some everyday tech to help locate signals.
The animals we are most scared of.
Romantic comedies are rarely big winners at the Oscars but La La Land is defying the trend. It good movie but not extraordinary. La La Land is Hollywood Bollywood movie with all the song, dance and romance. And even the performances werent brilliant Ryan Gosling played Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone played Emma Stone La La Land is not romcom but largerthanlife movie A beautiful yet realistic one. . BBC India? It wasnt romcom. I mean have you watched the movie? . Isha Sharma Alisha Jain when should I come over with popcorn and say I told you so . Prasham we should have seen the entire movie . Sohaib Saleem how about this one, watched it?. That ending though Pramod Avula we should see this I am waiting for u. Watching RAEES . Shruthi Nayanar let watch this tomorrow puhlease ? ? . Dhruv Mittal you gotta watch it . One of the best movie of 2016 .
A devastating ea hquake struck Gujarat on 26th January 2001. Watch the BBC repo few days later, detailing the tragedy and devastation.
When they said theyd leave the country if Trump became US President, they werent kidding. A lot of people said the same when modi was elected but they still havent moved yet good riddance. would be happy if the same happens in india . we need to clean some di Bye, you will be back. Right now you know what you have but where your going you dont know what you will get. Let wait for new administration. The same hypocrites will return back to USA. Where to? Syria or Pakistan? It ce ain Saudi Arabia will shoot them at its border so it cant be the destination for muslim brothers . they goin to Mexico now?. Intolerant people. It my way or high way.
Bipin Ganatra, who was featured in the BBC series Unsung Indians told the BBC, I just want to continue doing my job . A true Son of INDIA.Lots of Blessings for this humble Soul Fire fear in front of BG. Long live Sirjee
Welcome to the adulting school. Anjali Singh I think I should go .
Happy republic day, India Photo credit AFPGetty Happy Republic Day, India . Vandey Matram. THANK YOU.
Can her charm reverse the slide of India oldest political pa y? Charm not for Congress she isnt an item girl only Sonia leone could save India oldest pa oops typo Sunny. Congresies prabhubhakta they have no democracy.ALL R GULAM OF DULICATE GANDHI.The surname,Gandhi had been hijacked by IndiraNehru to make Indian fool.it is going on.Some understand but can not keep aloof due to some vested interest.they honour the surname,Gandhi Yeah, her charm is enough qualification to govern dynamic economy of 1.2bio people, enough with the bootlicking BBC India. This is what call dynasty culture people looking at her to revive Congress but tell what she going to be an even bigger embarrassment that her kid bro Lolzzzz D. We,the common men of India,dont need dry charm of leader.We need man or woman who really work hard for progress of society. Enough charming men and women who don nice clothes and plastic smile with folded hands at our doorsteps once every years . Desh barbad ho jayega agar ye aa gayi to in English, this country will be destroyed if she comes in shame on BBC , who even trying to instigate this idea Shame Shame on BBC Had Rajasthanes Singh,and Amit Shaw came in to power in 50s ,by this time their grand sons would have become ministers.Fi unatly people did not bring BJP in to power for 60 yrs. One fellow called K.C.R first time C.M made his two family members along with him ministers and lobbying with MODI hi to make his daughtors also minister Chandrababu forcefully grabbed power from N.T.R and now his son is groomed to become next C.M,. These families occupied power centers with their family political experiences of around 10 to 15 yrs. It is billion dollar challenge. Do the K.C.R and Naidu leave C.M posts to any outsider as long as they alive. Then why talking about Dynastic rule in Congress.A domestic advisor in Tamil Nadu is taking away C.M post after demise of Jaya. Ours is monarch rule in the name of democracy. Every C.M and P.M of our country ruled like monarch, exceptions may be Sastriji,or likes. On this republic day only reho ic speeches by these monarchs on democracy shows height of our leaders hypocrisy She has resemblance of her grand mother d way she talks takes decision proves dat. She is next Indira Gandhi. Save vadra if she can , plz forget congress. By the way plz confirm ur marriage with vadra by using Priyanka Vadra and for god sake stop using Gandhi Priyanka does not possess high so of alluring quotient but good enough to impact the voters of amethi and near by constituencies. For all her charm , she could manage just Robe Vadhra. Lol She has to do it for the sake of all secular and neutral minded people and to teach that katiyar lesson. Not really. Spent force. Husband has minted money by dubious means and she has also reaped fruits out of that booty Desperate attempt by pa that is all but finished. Nothing can remove the tag of the most corrupt pa from Congress Wake Up BBC. The Raj and the Dynasty are both over. Happy Republic Day She is alcoholic and drug addict, Indians are not fools to trap into your dynasty. Look at your eyes, anybody can figure out she is 247 alcoholic Now congress is gone beyond repair. Anyway,change is the rule of nature. UP episode confirmed pa sinking status Yes Madam Prinka Gandhi has got the capacity and she will be the prime minister of India for many years. Sure, Priyanka can play great role for the revival of the pa y, and it may be the step for the collapse of Modi ificial image. Ce ainly not. Our country need of the time is to eliminate them completely This is how the payjama media and nada netas work. Look at this free PR. SOBs. time will tell but am 100 co sure she can the true bloodline of the iron Lady Bring Some other young leaders not from the Gandhi dynasty Why cant they sacrifice their pride for the country sake. As long as she is married to Vadra, it would be tough for her to even win an election.
Speaking in June, Bolt said the prospect of losing the medal was hea breaking Pa time job without investment NO REGISTRATION FEES , Earn daily 400500 by working hours per day For more information Type JOIN and WhatsApp us on this no. 918491855271.
The inhabitants of Harar, Ethiopia have invited wild hyenas into their community, believing they consume evil spirits with each cackle.
Want to move abroad? Try here. You mean an immigrant?.
The new US president is expected to sign several executive orders regarding immigration and border security over the next few days. Please use our Ambuja cement for constructing the wall. Molina lucky you got in just in time .
The 18yearold believes Michael Jackson 2009 death was setup Who cares we have severe problems in the globe right now Shut the F up if you have nothing nice to say That for some of you right below He killed himself by not appreciating Almighty God for how he was made Haha she looks so black . Look at the comments. Ppl can be so hea less I think so .
Will the US cut its losses and bring America longest war to an end? Yes definitely Trump will end this war which Obama promised to do after becoming president and forsake It is never ending process because US breed terrorist.
Inflatable Trump rooster orders overwhelm Chinese factory
No No No shudder
Why have Samsung users stayed loyal? Samsung products are very good value for money with present prices Apple may never suceed in India except some indians who have insecurity complex buy Apple products with unreasonable prices Why is the whole world trying to defame company because of one bad product????. Samsung is always best Im loyal customer of samsung phones and like me more of the people same they are loyal towards Samsung. Because of apple overpriced piece of junk we all call iPhone ?.
Washington said Mr Trump saw India as true friend and pa ner in addressing challenges around the world No H1Bs, No Outsourcing, America first policies, Fines for people who dont Make in USA tariffs on impo s, but I guess so long as he keeps dropping buzz words Radical Islamic Terrorism Muslim Ban Bhakts are happy. . Like minds get together pretty well. Modi will advice Trump how to destroy country, over hot cup of coffee Fake news Sorry, BBC, couldnt resist just cant get over this POTUS . Undoubtedly deadly monarchs in current politics You are great leader trump We Indian love you but Indian media against you Done, be prepared fer bear Hug, will never forge, by the wa, u building wall here??. We Indians dont believe in friendship . We believe in making Allies for causes common to both pa ies Id be pretty disappointed in Modi if he decides to go meet that fascist He must have missed Indian foods lot . Oh, oh, what does he want So Trump is addressing himself ? . nice news all the best BBC channel. One day India Israel USA joint summit great nations. 126, 16 26 Arun Chaudhry ? FRIENDS JUST REFRAIN FROM MAKING SUCHLIKE SUBJECTIVE ELECTION SLOGANEERING UP ELECTIONS ARE FOR UTTAR PRADESH PRIDE & INDIA PRIDE COUNTRY LEADERSHIP WHICH HAPPENS TO BE UNFAIR TO THE PEOPLE OF INDIA MUST GET THEIRS MARCHING ORDERS, ASAP??? ? 126, 16 26 Arun Chaudhry .
Federer is the oldest men singles semifinalist at the tournament since A hur Ashe in 1978. That Going To Be A TOUGH ONE .
The 998g opal is valued at $680,000 P the mc. Marvelous stone
Satellite data has indicated the quake impact reduced the height of the peak. I wish I could take quiet corner in the hea of my baby very own world. I know it has stars that talk to him, and sky that stoops down to his face to amuse him with its silly clouds and rainbows. Those who make believe to be dumb, and look as if they never could move, come creeping to his window with their stories and with trays crowded with bright toys. I wish I could travel by the road that crosses baby mind, and out beyond all bounds Where messengers run errands for no cause between the kingdoms of kings of no history Where Reason makes kites of her laws and flies them, the Truth sets Fact free from its fetters. Rabindranath Tagore. .
The judgement means Theresa May cannot begin talks with the EU until MPs and peers give their backing. Who is she?And what is the benefit for India.bbc India are you ok or some illness post valid news.
Christy Kroboth gave up her career as dental nurse to focus on animals with lot more teeth Height of carrier ambition.
The brave new chefs who are modernising Indian food They wan make Indian Food global did the Chefs travel bit around the world or not yet dont they know that Indian cuisine is very global & popular as it is , in its traditional form ? .Their modernization would maybe work for some local amateurs in limited stylish restaurants in Delhi or Bombay but wont be generalized Pan India Anyway Good luck to the chefs and to the Molecular Indian Cuisine but please dont touch too much to typical Indian food it ancestral and so tasty as it is Attract young people back to indian food? honey, I never left Indian food. I could eat all the sushi and burgers in the world and still make it back in time to eat my papdi chaat. Food is the ONE thing which is unarguably perfection in our country Even though the chefs did great job There are two things that I would like to add 1.A Jalebi is Jalebi It king which doesnt need to change 2.i wont go to restaurant to order Jalebi If the local street food of india can be sold in restaurant abroad then why shouldnt this work in India itself Surely one should try for this. It looks good but will never match those jalebis which you get in those corner shops Indians love sweets, and they should use honey in them try something new Manu Augustine, that old food channel is too boring lol LLijin JamesRRajeev Nair. give me my jilaipi back you idiots. dont mess with it. . In other words, took fairly affordable meal and cut it in smaller po ions with hefty price. Got it Nope. No Mina Menon your thought ?. Food Innovation . Rohan Lekhi must watch. Prince Chandel.
The Hindu, Sikh and Muslim men who stood by US president Donald Trump from the very beginning. Trump hence sayeth his name,is just power hungry communist who trumps on everyone human rights wealthy billionaire who destroy the American legacy. they are very few in numbers but they stood by him atleast the hindus who sided with him this time Traitor .
Ecclestone said that he had been forced out . Tribute Pioneer About time
Great thing for the American worker what we just did
This year Oscar nominations are due out later, with La La Land likely to be the clear frontrunner.
Watch how 19 buildings are demolished in just ten seconds in China Wuhan province That one building which stood still. Thug life P. Anish Dhume another Kowloon walled city ??. Really nice one. Great the designer Just like the 911 ? BOT BY YASIR NAZIR ANITA BISWAS 3.
We have the highly subjective data to prove it
A sign of the year gone by? why such thing happened in 2016. A sign of seasons to come. Theyre for Donald J. Trump.
Wait, what? Browned toast or French toast?. Aqibyour told you so moment. .
During his secondround match, JoWilfried Tsonga noticed ball girl was fighting back tears after being struck by ball Act of kindness, is the act of God. Keep it up .
So what went wrong?
People are not supposed to build hardware, robot products, out of India and weve been able to do that.
Police have begun clearing protesters in Tamil Nadu, but at least 5,000 remain in Chennai Marina beach This is not fair news You biased media All these days fine protest was held there in well disciplined and organised manner, you never uttered single word about this historic event But now you are barking about an unwanted happening due to the foolish urgency of some unauthorized jallikattu organisers Meanwhile this is not bullfighting This is bulll embracing Shame on you BBC. The protest has been hijacked by the ISI agents and their local accomplices, to trnsform it like an anti India agitation giving it different colour. Tamil population should understand the danger in the big plot of Pakistani agents and try their best to identify them and defeat them in their designs Hey BBC Dint you heared that people where shouting this jallikattu as bull taming spo and not the bullfighting? Dont repeat this again Shame on biased media no coverage wen millions gathered protested with pride rushing now to flash controvery. Coming the death, it due to government which did the Jallikattu in hurry without any preparations of safety measures. Always playing and risking common man. This is complete failure of democracy BlackMonday. First there is complete HumanRights violation by TNpolice by attacking peaceful protesters. Then media has been giving only news and pics of injured cops and debris to taint the protesters to justify their atrocities As they urged to conduct They failed to manage space for players and audiences and other facilities They were totally mixed and had no space for the players No Bull harmed during the event Its not Bullfight From FRANCE to the TAMILAN On January 26, black flag for the India independence and his will be black day . It is bull taming and not bull fighting. Please do some research before posting What do the protesters have to say about lost lives during Jallikattu ?. Help the youngsters please. It was an unauthorized event conducted by local MLA without anybody consent. Action will be taken against the organisers Its not bull fight . We expect lot more quality news from BBC with minimal factual errors. Its not bull fight bbc its bull humping . Its Not A Bull Fight YeruThaluvuthal Should be bann. We have to demand for common civilcode . loving the fanpage.
Should Karan Johar have come out? Wasnt that obvious?. .
Trump inauguration Follow live updates here. Here interesting news go on Tamilnadu about Jallikattu. We dont need any temporary arrangement. Need to amend PCA act by the central to get permanent solution It just temporary arrangement by both state and central to manage current situation savenativebreeds AmendPCA. Interesting info so much this is really good more on please. Son Of God GOD IS DIE ANTWOORD Parveen Garg New Delhi WWF New Zealand Parveen Garg New Delhi Volunteering New Zealand Parveen Garg New Delhi BBC World Have Your Say Amazon India MEC Mlibo Qoboshiyane Live Hallelujah Magazine Inc WOOLWO HS SA Arpita Patel Durban Christian Centre Jesus Dome Los Angeles International Airpo LAX Ahmed Bencheikh BBC India Going The Bush Fishing the Highlands with Louie Bush Hill Stud Back Roads Living Living with HIV A Patient Guide by Mark Cichocki Whitebait Connection Mountains to Sea Conservation Trust National Trust for the Cayman Islands Some Like It Sweet. Son Of God BBC World Have Your Say Amazon India Jan Bernie Shinault ButterflyTrump Tyght Ridas.
Right now I think he jumping on every negative comment that people in the media make of him, and he should just ignore it. He knows what he is doing bbc , I thought were against Indian are now against Americans too.
I want justice for everyone, regardless of their gender. I appreciate from you ,that have decided to do this responsibility on the other hand this job need more talorant ,so as in my experience ,wish be successful Oopps Where i ? ? Itz lyk whirl, got maslf in female G, proppin D rights a male ma god, there is still such lady who doesnt fight fo supiriority herself on sake faminism It feels, shez real so faminist not sexist, and unparallel lady as emerged . Really? She shamed me publically when I called her out for saying that 3 year old lied about being raped. Thats activist? The reality is such people only play with feelings of others. Who is she to declare that all the dowry cases that do not result in conviction are false? Conviction rates in India are already very low,and such people are instrumental to keeping it that way The souls of women who were burnt alive for dowry,and the fetuses abo ed just for being female shall never forgive such people . I from Assam facing big problem last yr cant express like this any way keep going doing such uncommon thing if come Assam cl me 9435060387 doing some thing good for people better then joining hand for pray. Yeah Everyone need justice but unfo unately that may not happen in our Ea Better to lookup on some other living planet Any how Appreciate you for taking initiates JusticeForEveryone. Mam any address where we can contact for any help please give contact,please take our issue and do good cases not wrong ones mam problems sta with the interfare of inlaws and their pity interests,especially when wife is earning hand please help us. I highly appreciate your approach for justice for everyone irrespective of gender Well she was definitely raised by king and queen very sweet to hear fighting for justice but not for gender. Salutee . Appreciate your effo First of all we all are Human being than only Genders. We have people from the other side of the border also standing for us. In the name of every teasing and dowry act men are victimized. Proud of mam and still boysmens disrespect and tread womensgirls badly should ashamed of ourself. Thnx sister yes , you are really humanitarian. Salute you . Sir now women to ured the husband and her inlaws, please suggest any legal protection. OMG domestic violence must be her first experienced in her hodox families that the reason she want to fight for gender Do what love Keep going Deepika bharatwaj . Good morning Thanks everyone for the appreciation and suppo . Please call 08882498498 to seek guidance. It men helpline. Do join me on my documentary Ma yrsofMarriage page mam can give any kind of work with like driver any official work run one place to another to market I will not hagited to do I has to children daughter she jodhpur IIT son appearing matric wife my 09435060387. I agree with her fully. Nobody listens to men. Supreme cou has said that miuse of 498A is legal terrorism Good luck to you Very difficult task unde aken Any suppo neededplease to extend my hand Sbko footage chahiye bc. Thanks Mam. Madam Tanx lot We really owe lot. My self facing false cases from my Motherinlaw. She play vital role in my case. Badly cheated by them. By marrying unhealthy women Great step towards improving society and law I agree, men are so discriminated, indeed
Trump inauguration Follow live updates here. Sorry sorry.
The prope tycoon is due to take the oath of office at ceremony in Washington DC.
The protests mirror modernday fears about globalisation and anxieties about loss of identity, living, and culture. Appreciation for the Tamilians for their patience and violence free protest, which has become seldom nowadays.Indeed way needs to be find out now by the authorities to end the protest I wish Indians could protest like this to demand free education, medical and civic services from the government in return for the taxes we pay. Perfectly wrong this is not bull fighting, it is bull embracing and breeding science And before the idiotic description on jallikattu tradition, try to find the rules of the 5000 year old spo tmilllnnnttaa It about culture and people sentiments should be respected For ur kind information those who dont know about history here it goes how many of you checked our national embalam of at the bottom there is chackara and two animals present one is horse and bull Itz has history why itz present in our national embalam you trying to ban that bull present in ashoka chackara. The line hits the nail on the head. It was not just about spo . It was as this says, fear about losing the identity of being Tamilian and succumb to globalization Why I should follow PETA We should first follow our tradition These media and fake intellectuals cant speak against killing of animals through HALAL it gives so much pain of animals They all want to destroy our great tradition and culture Oppose jallikattu ban and save our real India The Indian government has accepted and itz in our national embalam U try to ban bull So peta so called animal suppo ers know the history. Finally story that has some truth. Almost all the news channels are shying away from the actual reason of banning Jallikattu. We Indians have A2 milk producing cows and will keep having them. Hence India dominance is milk market is there to stay. So back off PETA and the MNCs controlling it for their personal gain. Jallikattu is there to stay Is this bbc india ? , then stop using India after every every sentence . Sometimes, cultures are more of dangerous than an identity which needs to give up. Maybe because of hypocrisy of the people against it Know about it before writing and sharing it with the world . For Tamil Tamilzhan For peta. Can cut the Link But Cant be Forgotten . . Should bann this animal cruelty. Only fool people organize this type of games This is true and not wrong. Its our Tradition for the thousands of years
India leapfrogged both the US and Brazil to become the nation that downloaded the most apps from Google Play Store. This bull game named jallikattu is 5000years old tradition we follow as the corparates are now trying to ban this game as pleople have this cow this cow bread milk is A2 grade and its eqaul to the mothers milk now the corparates are trying to brink A1 milk as it causes diabites,no streanth Blood pressure and many more and in india making buisness is doing jobs like this nowdays,billions of profits comes from milk and medical feild brothers why all r worried about this picture.? they are our own family members, that is the fact and I feel proud that even poorest are sma er. Who cares bbc intention, British the biggest looters of world is the reason behind India pove Hi sir am from south india. I am not sure you may help for this in any way. But still would like to share this.We are trying to protest our traditions called jallikattu . We youngsters sta ed this protest in tamilnadu but we didnt receive any suppo from our government. If possible help us or just suppo us it will be very helpful. To understand that we will have to understand the chronology of events that lead to Jallikattu and events that happen thereafter. Jallikattu is held during Pongal time i.e. mid January , the strong bulls are identified and mated with cows. After this the farming season sta s. After harvesting is done, this cycle sta again where the breeders showcase their bulls in Jallikattu events. People with keen eye for this then make note of the strongest bulls and then seek them out later in what is known as sandhai marketplace in Tamil Now how does Jallikattu help in the process? The bulls used for mating need to be virile. During the mating season which is typically after Pongal , these bulls need to be at the top of their game i.e. they must be secreting all the necessary male hormones, experience adrenaline rush and also fast beating hea . This is where Jallikattu comes in picture. The time when the bull is released from the Vaadi Vaasal the small narrow gate from which the bulls are released and till the time it manages to reach the other end if it is not subdued causes it to experience great adrenaline rush which then boosts it testosterone levels and also keeps its hea beating at rate faster than normal levels. This increases their virility and this is one of the most fundamental of all necessities for selective breeding. Can this be done without an activity like Jallikattu? Possibly but then the number of matings bull can accomplish decreases significantly. Jallikattu helps in increasing this which is of utmost impo ance to farmer wellbeing. Also because ificial insemination is not adapted for native breeds, the banning of an event like Jallikattu will lead to these native breeds getting destroyed which would then force our hands to rely on ificial insemination the very process which the farmers shunned to begin with. In places where events like Jallikattu are not held, the male calves which are essentially useless unless there is demand for tasks like ploughing are slaughtered. but in places where Jallikattu is held, these calves are held on to for the purpose of showcasing them and establishing their superiority BBC could have have shown better picture BBC always shows India as poor and backward Just remove the word India from your name and Relpace it with poor There are almost 200 million people use 4G in India now.Thanks to Jio. ResignTNCM ResignIndiaPM Apology to the people and sit with us and wait for the cou verdict. JusticeforJallikattu. Hey BBCIndia,pls note that this doesnt signify the following 1.growth of intellectual minds in the country 2.economic growth of the nation 3.technological excellence of the country 4.higher standard of living etc and many more parameters. We took over UK in GDP and still some Britishers are trying hard to show us all as poor and uneducated very apt pic bbc , very apt pic . Great achievement, is it?. Who else love this ?.
The actor was charged with killing two black bucks, protected antelope species, and keeping firearms illegally during trip to forest in 1998. This bull game named jallikattu is 5000years old tradition we follow as the corparates are now trying to ban this game as pleople have this cow this cow bread milk is A2 grade and its eqaul to the mothers milk now the corparates are trying to brink A1 milk as it causes diabites,no streanth Blood pressure and many more and in india making buisness is doing jobs like this nowdays,billions of profits comes from milk and medical feild This guy got away with killing humans, not surprised that few deers didnt get justice . And ppl worship him hypocrites nothing wll happen,who have money power,wll get away.in india we must not think about justice specially poor section. ResignTNCM ResignIndiaPM Apology to the people and sit with us and wait for the cou verdict. JusticeforJallikattu. Full mockery of indian legal justice system thats why crimes never end in India BBC, we all know that. Come up with new thing hefty fine in crores should taken. This is BJP govt gift for kite flying.
Traditional bulltaming contests, known as Jallikattu, have been popular for centuries in Tamil Nadu. Protesters say they represent its identity. Babua, Bhusanva This is identity issue. It cannot be appreciated by you. Laws are made to break and even Constitution gets changed. Dont be ignorant like elites of India Shameful to Indian law and it citizen who dont want to stand against something meaningful but protest against unwanted stuff is becoming the culture save_jallikattu save_future_generation My dear No Indian brothers and sisters This is not about showing off identity It about getting the right we lost. Moreover, we understand and woke up hope you got the right thing What is the hidden reason to file case& ban jallikattu People of TN rearing bull for the purpose of jallikattu only If JK has banned the bull goes useless it will become extinct,. When we protesting soo massive why the jersey cows landed in Chennai international airpo with whose permission it got impo ed without govt permission uh What the government trying to say why you impose on us U dont know tamil language it mean dont understand my culture and traditional value with emotion and feelings how long you be like this tomorrow what you going to say? How long you going to cheat. The whole World should know what is to fight for cultural and traditional identity. We showed what it is to protest in peaceful and yet efficient manner. Ppl think jallikattu is some so of thrill spo . We do it to find out the strongest bull and mate them will our own native breeds so the offsprings will be healthy and strong. Corporates try to ban jallikattu so the native breeds will go extinct and thus forcing us to feed on the Jersey cows impo ed from MNCs This bull game named jallikattu is 5000years old tradition we follow as the corparates are now trying to ban this game as pleople have this cow this cow bread milk is A2 grade and its eqaul to the mothers milk now the corparates are trying to brink A1 milk as it causes diabites,no streanth Blood pressure and many more and in india making buisness is doing jobs like this nowdays,billions of profits comes from milk and medical feild Not only in tamil nadu they are tryinv to ban the indian bread ancient cows which has A2 very good grade milk and bring breads from denmark and many other countries which are A1 grade worst milk all youth from india must unite to save our tradation. Past two days my people protesting you guys now only Had time to write First know wht Is jallikattu it different from bullfighting in Spain dont compare both Jallikattu, India one of popular tradational game from Tamilnadu For this many people feeds bull affectionately Bulls also trained , they too like people, bulls are not killed controlled But in fact with jollymood some youngers ,without training ,also open TAS some pa icipants may happened to hospitalized Some reforms of welfare of people may welcomed Training camps, mediclaim insurance , not to use alcohol etc as expe wish bury jallikattu the best tradational game ,permit to play and popularing Govt need to act immediately Cause for proud smiling . We still in our race even they put us into dark shadow we never give up our culture to any people. It not safe thing to pa icipate in this There is ce ainly danger to human life The bulls too are given intoxicated forcefed drinks And the end result is tragedy This issue is more than just bull fight its an identity of the people We have historic tradition for our culture , government is for the people and by the people. Bbc India where u going for the past days One should have the right to follow their religion, as India is secular country You bbc this is not bull fighting make ur repo crctly. sc banned that think and some ppl are blaming modi now you know how stupid they are Slaughtering them is not bad but this is bad wow . ResignTNCM ResignIndiaPM Apology to the people and sit with us and wait for the cou verdict. JusticeforJallikattu. It not bullfighting It mere playing with the bull. Most of the times the man involved gets hu . It game of valour Not thousands crores of students common man ladies kids.
The case for working less. Hello BBC India ,I am from tamilnadu .Here people are struggling and fighting for jallikattuban .Hope you may heard about it .why am posting this means because our both central and state government they didnt consider this as serious problem .so we need more help from all over india .if you can do something means please take some steps whatever you can Thank you. Wo your while.
Some people yearn to stand out others try desperately to blend in. BBC worldwide. except LIC liberal independent Country Tamilnadu Coming Soon BBC worldwide. except LIC liberal independent Country Tamilnadu Coming Soon. We suppo News7Tamil . Wedojallikattu.
Hidden in plain sight, just minutes away from the bustle of New Delhi commercial hub, Connaught Place, is an ancient landmark unknown even to most locals. Humble requestHi BBC we need ur help at Alanganallur We need to telecast the things happening over there and also in chennai marina beach protest A request frm people of Tamil Nadu. these stories are written by bots, dont think there are any humans lieft at bbc. Olivia Bergen Do visit this place .
How trip to an ancient village transformed him. All rubbish news here.
McSamosa, anyone? BBC We need your help to AlangallurMaduraiTamilnadu about Jallikattu Issue so please interfere with it By TAMILAN. Suppo Jallikattu. atleast broadcast Tamilandu protest against PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals . McIdly next .
In country where swathes of the population remain illiterate, election symbols are often the only link between candidates and voters. Humble requestHi BBC we need ur help at Alanganallur We need to telecast the things happening over there and also in chennai marina beach protest A request frm people of Tamil Nadu. We request you to telecast the jallikattu protest Youngsters have been arrested morning Our politicians are dumb now Let the world know about it . It is rather easy to identify symbol in jungle of candidates contesting elections as U rightly Pointed out 70 population of the state is illeterate. Unfo unately, it is also true that power to center travelling through this illeterate state. WHAT A SAD STATE OF AFFAIRS for the so called biggest democracy of the world where elected comes to make money and develop their family not the poor public. I. Because voters dont see name of candidate, they see pa ies symbol first Morning . Suppo Jallikattu. atleast broadcast Tamilandu protest against PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals .
The man who photographed thoughts and dreams. Pls check out the silent protest going in many pa of Tamil nadu. Many youths, Ladies and children are suffering hard inorder to protect the own traditional Jalikattu Request you to cover and telecast this in media Chennai Memes BBC Tamil BBC India. Dear BBC IM DINESH FROM COIMBATORE TAMIL NADU FOR LAST YEARS OUR TRADITIONAL GAME IS BANNED BY SUPREME COU BY PETA ,WE WANT OUR TRADITIONAL GAME IT WAS ABOUT 1000 YEARS OLD GAME NOW IN ALANGANALLUR, MADURAI, TAMIL NADU YOUNGSTERS WHO WERE FOUGHT FOR OUR TRADIONAL GAME BUT THE POLICE ARRESTED THEM ABOUT NOT GIVING ANY FOOD AND WATER YESTERDAY TO TILL NOW ALL NEWS CHANNELS ARE NOT TELECASTING EXCEPT NEWS7 CHANNEL SO PLEASE TELECAST WHAT HAPPENING THERE. Suppo Jallikattu. atleast broadcast Tamilandu protest against PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals .
Meet the people whove figured out how to take months off from work each year without jeopardising their careers or annoying the people they work with. Humble requestHi BBC we need ur help at Alanganallur We need to telecast the things happening over there and also in chennai marina beach protest A request frm people of Tamil Nadu. Our tamil brothers and sisters are arrested while they were protesting silently for jallikattu in Alanganallur, Madurai. PETA is foreign organisation that filed case and banned our 5000 years old jallikattu spo . They are impo ing foreign cattle breed into India and destroying native breeds. Thousands of people are protesting from yesterday morning which continued at night also. Women and children were also in the crowd. Morning they were forcefully arrested. Central government and state government are still silent. Except one tamil chanmel all other channel are not suppo ing. Please telecast the news worldwide. justicefo amils banPETA savenativebreed WeDoJallikattu. Dear BBC, TamilNadu also pa of India Please look into the allanganallur Jallikattu Protest. There is huge violation against Human Rights against the victims. But still the people stands for our Traditional Jallikattu. Need your attention on this. Thanks . Suppo Jallikattu. atleast broadcast Tamilandu protest against PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals .
The oldest poisonous insect ever found. Our tamil brothers and sisters are arrested while they were protesting silently for jallikattu in Alanganallur, Madurai. PETA is foreign organisation that filed case and banned our 5000 years old jallikattu spo . They are impo ing foreign cattle breed into India and destroying native breeds. Thousands of people are protesting from yesterday morning which continued at night also. Women and children were also in the crowd. Morning they were forcefully arrested. Central government and state government are still silent. Except one tamil chanmel all other channel are not suppo ing. Please telecast the news worldwide. justicefo amils banPETA savenativebreed WeDoJallikattu. Suppo Jallikattu. atleast broadcast Tamilandu protest against PETA.
Watch the amazing moment when Sir David Attenborough and BBC filmmakers recorded ducks laying their eggs in the nests of other birds. Humble requestHi BBC we need ur help at Alanganallur We need to telecast the things happening over there and also in chennai marina beach protest A request frm people of Tamil Nadu. Youngsters protesting for jallikattu in Alanganallur in peaceful way. Any democratic society shld let that happen.I believe we one. justicefo amilnadu. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. Our tamil brothers and sisters are arrested while they were protesting silently for jallikattu in Alanganallur, Madurai. PETA is foreign organisation that filed case and banned our 5000 years old jallikattu spo . They are impo ing foreign cattle breed into India and destroying native breeds. Thousands of people are protesting from yesterday morning which continued at night also. Women and children were also in the crowd. Morning they were forcefully arrested. Central government and state government are still silent. Except one tamil chanmel all other channel are not suppo ing. Please telecast the news worldwide. justicefo amils banPETA savenativebreed WeDoJallikattu. Please look into Tamil Nadu JALLIKATTU issue We still believe in WE ARE INDIANS. Save Alanganallur protestors. College students, ladies and children protesting for our culture. Police preparing for latthi charge Respected sirmam, I kindly request you to focus on ALLANGANALLURJALLIKATTU ISSUE which is now happening in madurai district TAMILNADU and telecast it on your channel. Youngsters are protesting to save one of the ancient game of thamizh culture 2000 years old which is being po rayed as so called ANIMAL CRUELTY . State govt. Has failed to help us and our own central government is against us. PLEASE do focus on it and help us It kind request to media frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. It kind request to media frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur Please help with covering jallikattu protests in alanganallur
The ancient network that feeds Mumbai. No Politician,No Flags,No leaders still 1lakh young protesters @ alanganallur. Theyre making history. Please cover Protest In Alanganallur Many youngsters are protesting for good cause Tamilnadu Save Alanganallur protestors. College students, ladies and children protesting for our culture. Police preparing for latthi charge The Dabbawalas are one of kind. they are very gentle to their customers & families as well. I have had the oppo unity of having their services when I used to work in Mumbai. Excellent Attention everyone. Please Look for Alanganallur.Many Tamil proples are in hunger strike to save our Pride Jallikattu. No media is ready to telecast. Serious protest on jallikattu issue is going on Alanganallur, all of them are youngsters, ladies and childrens from Alanganallur and all over from tamil nadu , Our local media has failed to cover this issue, please provide an immediate news coverage on this issue Tn_with_alanganallur jallikattu_protest. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. Urgent Alanganallur whoever can able to post now, take the issue world wide through social media. No news channels are covering there is serious protest going on in allanganallur against jallikatttu ban pls do hav look nd kindly inform ur authorities abt it nd pls provide news coverage . We need your help . Now going on protest Jallikattu .more than 1000 youngster doing protest on now Alanganallur. IT will ease & secure the processes, but will never be an HR issue EMERGENCY Alanganallur Is there any doctors near madurai. Its emerceny. Some ladies & children are in poor condition at alanagnallur protest. contact 9629575527 Kindly go fast to rescue them. please share. It kind request to media frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur shed some light on human rights violation in Alangaanallur Madurai right now justiceforjallikattu wakeup sos. savealanganallurprotestors please cover the news into the Madurai district alanganallur in Tamilnadu tnsuppo sjallikatu banpeta. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. Six sigma network. Kudos to these dabbawala. I am all praise for them Please help with covering jallikattu protests in alanganallur Suppo Jallikattu. atleast broadcast Tamilandu protest against PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals .
The fate of crucial election riding on bicycle People in Chennai Dear friends , kindly give your suppo to jallikattu protestors in alanganallur by giving your presence at chennai marina vivekanandar house by tomorrow 1712017 . Kindly give your presence at morning 00 during the CM comes to the place for celebrating MGR 100th bi hday Will be waiting for your presence there Pls share soon and come to protest guys its our problem,we want to solve it Ct 7010570006 Jagan Prabakar,8056465320 Sanjeev,9789901520 We want your suppo from media Pls help us . It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. there is serious protest going on in allanganallur against jallikatttu ban pls do hav look nd kindly inform ur authorities abt it nd pls provide news coverage . It kind request to media frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur Please put some light on alanganalur students protest for ban on jallikattu. shed some light on human rights violation in Alangaanallur Madurai right now justiceforjallikattu wakeup sos. We need your help . Now going on protest Jallikattu .more than 1000 youngster doing protest on now Alanganallur. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. Please help with covering jallikattu protests in alanganallur Suppo Jallikattu. atleast broadcast Tamilandu protest against PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals .
BBC Culture round up the best of what coming up on the small screen over the next 12 months, including crime dramas, comedies and the return of Twin Peaks. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. We need your help . Now going on protest Jallikattu .more than 1000 youngster doing protest on now Alanganallur. Please help with covering jallikattu protests in alanganallur .
Living in one country and working in another will soon be common, thanks to remotecontrol robots. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. We need your help . Now going on protest Jallikattu .more than 1000 youngster doing protest on now Alanganallur. Great .
When polar bears come together in autumn, male rivals wrestle. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur.
It not Delhi It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. What measures is China taking to resolve this very serious chronic problem?. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. But it could be. Suppo Jallikattu. atleast broadcast Tamilandu protest against PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals .
Extreme traveller Kolja Spori frequents conflict zones, lonely ice roads in Siberia and unrecognized breakaway republics. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. Suppo Jallikattu. atleast broadcast Tamilandu protest against PETA.
Almost all pa ies in India, led by the ruling BJP and the main opposition Congress, field tainted candidates. Why do they do so? Indian vote local criminal True West votes international criminal ,war mongers guilty of mass killings may it be sirya Libya Iraq Democracy do have place for all as it democracy Stop that Politicians are not criminal They are made as such by public where majority selfish criminals live. U give money, they vote. Look very honest, forget ur deposit. Politics are always the same. It is just one of many systems made by us people, society, public. Again, if anyone says dat bad, corrupt politician here SHUT UP Enough . Indian people have been corrupted by Corrupt politicians for decades and they have come to like corruption as they have to pay bribes daily to officials and politicians to get their things done.So slowly most of them became addicted to corruption and like corrupt and criminal politicians and vote them I travelled around the world , but there is no other people found as selfish as the Indians, even for small gain they can betray his own brother Swami Vivekananda from Swamiji private letters Mind your business BBC,the Pound now is in 31 year low so why you dont focus on that instead of other countries who are not even in Europe It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. More criminals will open shops of political pa ies to circumvent past deeds. Any way tax exemption will help them in everything All politicians around the world are mostly criminals. Unless they dont do that they dont get to the top. Everything comes at price. BBC, cant you post anything that is of real impo ance like global warming, deforestation, human rights, in the world? Or are these real issues nothing for you?. Why do BritishBC have criminal editor?. India is political mafia worst than any other countries in the eniter world and it is ture. Instead of calling out other countries, let accept this deplorable truth, and try to change it . Because they are sheeps snd corruption is attitude what about your ex P.M tony blair who is accused in so many cases and can be tried in so many cases Becouse of criminal minded intellectual polticans ,they knew of the calculations of potential voters who easily fall in their net the question is is it always crime electing politicians ? . In India politicians follows one pa and use most popular leaders name and their criminal plans they wont say They promise public many useful necessary projects will be done and some spend money for vote Some good people change after winning Cannot say right answer India is country that is ruled by mafia rich people, those people can do whatever they want with loads of money,politics everything is under their rules. shed some light on human rights violation in Alangaanallur Madurai right now justiceforjallikattu wakeup sos. Becoz indians cant differentiate between ove or cove criminals.They have to vote atleast someone . Because they have enough money to suppo election campaign which included bribes for poor people. corruption is synonym for India. all the politicians are illiterate and goons Any alternative? Politics being last refuge of criminals Simple, they fall in line for Bread crumbs, easily . the swagger the adve isement the media paid for lip service the education the indifference the apathy the despair.
The giant towers cleaning up city smog. Suppo Jallikattu. atleast broadcast Tamilandu protest against PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals .3.
The moment he came to the crease, Jadhav sta ed hitting the ball really well. I said, if we get to 150 here, they will press the panic button watch. The joint effo of KOHLI JADHAV snatched the match from England. There is no word IMPOSSIBLE in my dictionary, Napoleon had said. Virat Kohli knows this It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. Kohli is my fabrat player.
Even without common language, just keep on smiling and be nice to everyone. It kind request to BBC frm the people of tamilnadu, India A huge protest is going on by the youngsters for their rights , the local news channels refused to telecast , so we demanding ur help alanganallur save_protestors_of_alanaganallur. it hard sometimes to go to new city and meet new people. but eventualy make some , need time I guess . .
Policing India deadly kites It not crazy it always fun, but why they cut hands in coz of the thread coming fm outside our country pls stop commenting negatively on each festival,ritual of our country all the festivals are meant to be united with the message of Vasidev Kutumbakam the riots are most likely staged by paid shills. BBC employees are operative paid shills. those who work for BBC are happy to garrote the throats of children, they relish it, and they like to rub it in people faces. any socalled employee of BBC who goes along to get along is complicit, you beancounters are the hanged man BBC especially hate India, its culture and will use any reason to vilify the people and its rich cultural heritage. BBC and its masters are literally monsters, Monsters Inc Im one of the mad guy for flying kites but ban of glass coated string is the right decision by the govt.as well as it was bad news for us too Wenjie Shi this is what I was talking about it gets sad after 45 seconds tho ? . Hey BBC what about Pune Match, India win Waiting for news on this . It always about fighting here. Talk on chinese thread not on Indian Kites. This craziness is only in no India not south.
Shishir Sarker, Hindu, said , All my life Ive had Muslim friends, so I knew some Surah chapters of the Koran . Means not knowing Koran brings an innocent person murder. What satanic culture some people follow Gr8. So all he knew was the verses from the Holy Quran He did not know verses from the Bhagwat Geeta or the Holy Bible. I bet the outcome would have been the same God is one and listens to all no matter which religious path you follow, your devotion to him and the mankind and your country has to be honest and righteous Why is BBC making it sound like religious adve isement ? Something terribly wrong with today journalism. Quran is the best example of peace, but yes some of the people misunderstands it and disrespect the book as well as the religion. Sad the story of the Bangladeshi muslim refusing to recite from quran to save himself from terrorist abandoning his friends seems better inspiration We shouldnt be proud to let Tyrannies have it their way fear of death is what they feed on That means anyone who is unable to recite Ayats of Koran needs to die Suppose same dictat is issued by other religions about their religious books then ? Such dictats are nothing but religious fascism Gr8 tat he used his mind on da spot didnt go by tat forwarded mssg where in its lyk recite anythin from uor own religion isis still lets go lol come on any idiot cud make out if its in urdu or in sanskrit lol Its never been lyk has not read da holy book of course all of dem have impo ant thin is INTERPRETATION how interpret it is da most impo ant thin if hav no brain or wise person to educate on tat r even worse den uneducated guy Cheers. We should all learn Quran for improving our life expectancy was crying when read faraz story. i was scared when read shirish story. God please RIP those who died and those who are saved give them courage and those who are killing in the name of your give them wisdom of humanity Religions are for peace, communities should be at shame who cant follow it properly using it as bussines ends up resulting this It good thing that he believes in something . So wat BBC India why write all these nonsense icle . An individual belief is to himself What about Rohingya Muslims BBC what will you say about them? BBC has its own agenda Shame Looks like it is safe to know some lines in Quran Thats the reason Koran is also known as The Satanic Verses . A muslim man was murder by terrorists in india for eating beef. Beef is actually very tasty It time religion is taught in schools as foreign language is BBC at its best . Quran E Kareem Teaches Peace, But The One Who Owns The PeaceTv Doesnt . Arnab is absolutely right BBC has lost credibility nonsense journalism. It your belief and inner strength that pulled you through. Nothing to do with religion9. Its Quran not Koran. . You didnt come to the point
One woman story on why confronting India Eve teasers is not always straightforward. Ah she given her best pics to use this oppo untity to adve ise her beauty No proof again just mere allegation seen too many of these over the last one month alone Im surprised that person named Gupta in Uttar Pradesh does not know Hindi well enough to write it. That just strange. Always negative news against India. Letting go off criminal because of laziness. Another faking news CNN of India
Why working long hours can damage your career. Kaal theke only couple of hours in office P that is also in office canteen P. Abhinav by just reading the headline, I tagged you P. Absolutely right . Monika Pandey do you see that?. Nitesh Chaturvedi Vijay Raj Chaubey dekh le. Nitish Ghuge Bhushan Chavan.
The most dramatic displays can only be seen in two places on Ea h. That is Alitaptap in tagalog, when I was small child before I just playing alitaptap in the evening, but this time cant see even one, I dont know why they dissapear at all, god knows
From humble origins, fourwheeled kitchens have redefined urban al fresco dining.
The emaciated woman was kept in pigsty for years by her son and daughterinlaw. Unemazinable, How come Son became so cruel agaist mom It really very sad Same bluddy son They will pay for this God is watching. Shame on them and very sad. Shame on them. They should be punished. They both must be kept at the same place for lifetime. . Shame on that idiot son
The trippy tale of the Brotherhood of Eternal Love.
What is the magic of Dangal? Yeah its true the wrestling is become drama for highest grossing films but in that drama there is massage to our society that Hamaari chorriya girls ladko se kam hai ke , and we should suppo feminism ,bro this is 21 st century change our thinking or mind say lets do it and its also give inspiration to our youth in wrestling or some other spo field There no magic. It the live proof that how much dumb India is based upon on an villagious poor family ,s true story,who won prestigious award by their passion that magic of dangal brilliance is thy name aamir dangal ho chuka ihtihass ban chuka verdict out dangal all time blockbuster Very simple people waste money and time on ente ainment BBC some of us boycotted dangal we dont know the story Bcz of Amair. True story?.
Some workers on Thursday refused to accept the new stationery and held silent protest in the KVIC headqua ers in Mumbai. Mr. modi, fulfilling his desires within his tenure like child desires BBC it is wrong news Stop sensationalising nonissues to get eyeballs Mahatma Gandhi pic was not used in 1996, 2002, 2005, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 Ppl presume things spewed out by predominantly hostile media easily without due verification of facts, thus falling prey to the human tendency of easy willingness to believe that highest in our country are prone to human failings. Btw, effo lead by Modi has resulted in an increase in sales by an unprecedented 29 in the last one year In way, there is nothing wrong if the PM is projected in one of the twelve months calendar page of KVIC. Actually it should be non issue . Omg What wrong with Modi ji Issue regarding Black money failed, then trying something new This one is not acceptable What wrong in it, look at the sale of Khadi Who is promoting? What wrong in if? Stupid people , you never spoke when so many buildings, institutions are in the name of uneducated Gandhi Nehru family, the destroyer of this country Such shameless fellow dis person is gandhi ji would be crying now only good at drama nothing else No one can ever replace The Father of the Nation , Mahatma Gandhi .Not even our Honourable Prime minister Modi ji.so please stop it immediately. You have other ways of promoting self ,pa and politics .Jai Hind. He wants be ghandhi ji without doing anything , PM ji atleast you should dress up like gandhi ji only In Dhoti and A bamboo stick before clicking picture just for showing to us how are filling to be Bapu . Really photo ka aisa nasha pahli baar dekha hai. Modiji is going beyond limits We really dont appreciate and suppo this idea. He forgets that human wants are unlimited. . Can anyone change and forget the Gandhi the father of the Nation who fought for freedom ?Past glory cannot be gotten,so those who expect changes do so in other ways to bring peace and security to the country.Politicians will come and go have their fill and move.No one can replace Gandhi,may be photos could,but not what he has done for the country It is like Boost should have never replaced Kapil Dev as it brand ambassador. It evolution in marketing. If budget allows , why not SRK. Till then PM will be good enough. LOL, if just taking rule for changing the notes makes person to replace Father of Nation, then in 1946 and 1978 demonetisation was done. Sorry Gandhi ji Jiski sarkar uski laddi what he wants he is doing in sho period of time he want world tour he done it he wants to demonisation of notes he done that now he wants to put his photo on every calendar he is doing that also everyone should try this dream come true journey become pm and do whatever want to do. V good Modi ji should also pose for kingfisher calendar and make bhakts turn on . This is the exmple of new way of buttering government is modi modi is government cheap way of coloring the whole nation in one name totally against democracy. Days are not far Modi printed on notes I STRONGLY PROTEST AGAINST THIS MATTER. MR MODI CANT REPLACE OUR FATHER OF THE NATION. WHERE IS SAROTHEMONI , WHERE IS PACHI DHOPANI. I THINK ALL INDIAN PROTEST AGAINST THAT MATTER Nobody can replace the father of the nation Mahatma Gandhi In my estimation, it not appreciable thing Mahatma can never be replaced by anyone I dont suppo Mahatma exclusion It time for change Cant just have Gandhi on each and everything . Mr.Modi we didnt like this . By doing this you have fu her tarnished your image . No one can replace Mahatma Gandhi . Please apologize. Its for brand promoting. Before it was sales to but now it increased 34 after modi ji .so why nt he be brand man. BBC is one of the most biased News Agency I have ever read
He has told police the women in his video are paid actors Great case over go home dummies, the women already gave consent to act This news will make him richer as more people will watch his videos from now. Just to see what he actually did Sala he thinks he can get away with anything. It fake news if that gal claim it then this is in case of molestation. what police?. he kissed paid arrested but who arrested him kissed also someone but still freely roaming outside. lolz. What an idiot he is. Seriously Shame on him. Pure his lips with pure acid Hehehheehehehe jo jo foreign mein hota hai india mein no hota bhai.
The secret ingredient of life.
The marathon man picked to run Tata Congrads Rathanji, for recognising right man. Chandraji made Tamils Proud
Wildlife officials attempt to capture leopard inside settlement in West Bengal. The animal was later tranquilised. Video cou esy Bhabananda Singha And this is how it works??? Could have been done easily and efficiently with tranquilliser guns Poor animal must be so scared How stupid that people think this is how they can catch wild animal, and thats why some locals had beaten beautiful leopard few months back to death instead of approaching the wildlife protection agencies Indians are sma people but wild life is not their strong suit they really got to get it together with wild life control cause the videos of them failing are too prevalent on the web. The more you scare the animals they behave more wild Never our Indian forest officers come to know all these they feel proud in killing those poor animals rather rescuing them. The most dangerous wild beast on the planet is just not quite sma enough to capture the beutiful native leopard of the area Wat disaster. And this is the best our forest officers can do. Tbe govt should provide for better instruments and tranquilizers Are those idiots trying to capture with net? Dont they know the strength of wild beast? They shouldve used tranquilizer Well tried btw Except Indians who gonna try to catch 60kg Cat with bare hands V. How stupid are the Wildlife Authorities?. People themselves got into the net along with sticks.Good try . Humans acts more savage than the animal. What shame. . Manoj Kumar Kalaivanan and we make planned trips into the thickest jungles to grab glimpse Monica So lol they are trying to catch him without any gun. Wild leopard running away from the beasts Animal catching another animal. Indians are FKN crazy bruz Natalie Jones Jayde Philips Alisha Marie Lester Sharoon Jafferson Ma in Antony Jacob Pauly Abs lovemyindianppl . . . Y cant they use da . They threatening the leapord. Ad Caldwell look at these fools. I have see how wildlife protection agencies act. These are locals Stupid people.
In soundproofed hangar on an RAF airbase just no of Cambridge, UK, Chris Mitchell and his colleagues are busy using sledgehammers to teach their computers lesson.
High praise for one of India tallest captains
At no time did we intend or mean to offend Indian sentiments, Amazon said. Its ok amazon U removed things apologised thats good. just make sure dont repeat this again.Indians have big hea to forgive someone who corrects own mistake and asks for apology I dont know what tepping on country flag imprinted on mat Is known to staff at Amazon. If this is not meant to be disrespectful, then what is? If Amazon claims that it was listed by 3rd Pa y, then what is the staff at Amazon reviewing before they approve the listing of such disrespectful and disgraceful items on their website? Im sure this was ignored and only upon the warnings issued by the foreign minister of India upon being penalised for the acts, It has been acted upon promptly should be If need to be in india then respect Indians. and in Australia. .we wear our flag and fly it too. Bed linen Tongs Swim togs Towels Caps et al Amazon is coming to Australia this year. . It not big deal. Amazon is always Amazing, this is from an Indian. need kick out Amazon from india not reqd pl stop shopping at Amazon site. Stupid Amazon.There are much better substitutes to amazon Ok, let me know if there are anymore doormats with Indian flags on it. Will pay bounty for it . Grave offence get out from india. Really???? Haha. But Who was the designer???? India wants to know
Snow petrels and skuas engage in life and death battles.
The two leading ladies are no sariclad pretty lasses, but muscular athletes who get down and di in mud bowls.
Eman Ahmed Abd El Aty, 36, is expected to arrive in the city on cha ered plane at the end of January. May she become the biggest loser Hope she will get well, kudos to the doctors for helping her with chance to be normal best of luck. She will get through this and will have healthy life I hope she gets well. .
Watch the amazing moment when Sir David Attenborough and BBC filmmakers recorded the little known fossa of Madagascar. Its discovery channel or something else Repo ing for India Or repo ing to India from world BBC India, Madagascar in not in India We have our top predator Royal Bengal Tiger and Asiatic Lion.
The acclaimed chef is back with his first major cookbook in more than decade.
A school in container for Mumbai child vendors Education the most empowering tool. The best approach . The best approach
Where secret agents learnt to fight Nazis.
Shah Rukh Khan I travel in the trunk of my car sometimes King Khan for reason . Another buckchodi news from gutter paper. . Your car , your wish.
Conce organisers and police disagree on the reason, but Indian Guetta fans are furious. Why be fan of somebody who cannot be respectful to his fans and who cannot be honest to his fans? I am glad he didnt get conce I bet Bangaloreans are sma enough to not buy his ticket in the first place I hang my head in shame. Condemn the cancellation. He is an ist .
Watch the amazing moment when Sir David Attenborough and BBC filmmakers recorded how snake feigns death.
The dosa to get McDonalds makeover? Social media takes it from there. KFC did exactly similar to this Ugali Nuggets D. It McDonald that gets Dosa make over I dont like McDonald in India. BK is much better . Amatullah This is an unholy matrimony Next one will be McBiriyani. Lol. Really . Next on the plate, McDigital burger A click can make you feel like you ate it DigitalIndia Makeinindia.
How to learn an instrument in six weeks. If only .
Mr Trump called Buzzfeed failing pile of garbage and accused CNN of going out of their way to build up allegations of compromising material against him. Daily shocks, and the new order has not even begun yet what liesinstore .
Women who go through childbi often rate other pain after the experience as relatively mild. Bi pain is LESS THAN being kicked in the NUTS
India foreign minister threatens to rescind visas for Amazon staff over the insulting doormats. Guys, they sell the British flag as doormat as well, google it People should be able to sell what they want as long as its legal. I for sure would not want to buy flag doormat of any country but what if someone would consider it to be welcoming? India has more impo ant things to worry about than silly doormat that selling on amazon The row comes as Flipka , India biggest online retailer, is involved in fierce battle with Amazon over market share. Finally, these icles make sense Any country who would have been insulted would have done the same She is the one who help Lalit Kumar Modi wanted in India to safely exit the country Hey BBC you think yourselves as sma you find Swaraj tweet as threatening but you dont Notify it as Disrespect to Nation SHAME try doing some fair NEWS Why dont we sell amazon logo doormat. Sell Chinese national flag as doormat wrong is wrong. Why such doormats?. . May home to may India.
The surprising genius of chickens. Niharika Amatullah Well they always do seem to have interesting reasons to cross roads Boishakhi Dutt stop calling chickens stupid already They are sma er than we thought They are sma er than BBC. Without head they can live.
One unique individual is princess with destiny to fulfil.
16 women and children were killed in the grisly serial murders that gripped India ten years ago 19 women and children were killed in the grisly serial murders that gripped India ten years ago. @ BBC News.
To mark the bicentenary of the British author death, the British Library has brought together the three notebooks that survive from her early years.
A project 100IndianTinde ales illustrates experiences of Indians on the dating app.
Priyanka Chopra on the gender pay gap in the ente ainment industry when films are allowed to be made by woman, on woman lead women actors get together say big NO to accepting less so much less than what they deserve accepting injustice is unjust a kind of violence Logic is simple producer make movie to get profit not for charity If someone is able to pull large crowds to the theatre they will be paid more regardless of their gender If can make female oriented movie and collect 100 of crores then your point is valid otherwise its just bullshit If are so upset about it then stop doing roles where you are jus limited for or songs and sta doing some decent roles why cant you sta change why it has to be audience . She the last person on ea to discuss gender pay gap. She an exception. She cant be talked V. True Priyanka not in film real life also God bless. Nice interview. I adore Priyanka She so inspiring . .
The most dangerous path in Britain. And they still call it path . I always love everything like this .
Businessman Moninder Singh Pandher, in whose house the murders took place may be innocent, an explosive new documentary says.
Fighting chemistry with chemistry, it turns out, is better approach.
The plants that see, hear and smell. It obvious. In this creation everything is alive like tree , rocks,planets, etc. The difference is based on conciousness time affects excellent icle wich is very informative Vegans have tough time to survive Nature has all colours of the Spirit
The largest contributor is poor hygiene in local restaurants.
Australian squid put on show as they compete for each other attention.
From your body odour to your buttocks, you have many identifying features.
Cannibalism occurs inside pregnant raggedtooth sharks.
The poet who can improve your life. Please stop the clickbait titles.
Is bigger better? Most of the new inclusions are going to be from Asia read India and China where football is slowly gaining momentum as popular mainstream spo Only reason FIFA is doing it is because theyll make more money this way Depending on the situation. You dont need reason to help people. Have Nice Day BBC India B Powered By Dev D . Bot Site sumitbot.ga . Owner sumitbot.blogspot,com .
Bandari women have been wearing masks for centuries. The roots of the tradition are unknown, although some say that it sta ed during Po uguese rule, when women were trying to avoid recognition by slave masters looking for pretty girls. Kiss me, & You will see stars, Love me and will give them to you Great Post BBC India B Powered By Dev D . Bot Site sumitbot.ga . Owner sumitbot.blogspot,com .
Judges seem to think that loss of virginity is the primary harm rape causes, and if they think the raped woman is unchaste, this will impact the sentencing. There should be much more harsh punishments but since the ministers are on their payroll so nothing happens You dare to adve ise your fckng blog in such an serious icle? Shame on you Dev D Sounds so hopeless Totally get why people are hesitant to repo One punishment only Death on the spot, no fir or cou case becus thy son of What wrong with them???. Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind. Great Post BBC India B Powered By Dev D . Bot Site sumitbot.ga . Owner sumitbot.blogspot,com .
There is no one way to define dance.
Tej Bahadur Yadav of the Border Security Force, posted videos of burnt roti flatbread and lentils that he said contained only turmeric and salt. Our govt only talks about respect for our soldiers but actually do nothing to improve their condition practically. We should hang our head in Shame . I live overseas and I happened to meet lieutenant colonel yesterday in hotel lobby who had travelled continents to find good meal solutions ready to eat and heat for the army teams of his country who are posted in remote camps and areas. He was so soldier focussed and nutrition focussed seeing this video I have no doubt it just Bol Bacchan by the current and past government. Surely the soldier will be removed from bsf for false propaganda. I knew this will happen . Do sudden checking in all military areas will find the truth . It all big game . God save my country jawans. Do voting the truth will be revealed by jawans. Such cases of bad quality rations and preparations have been happening since time immemorial. But in every unit there are mechanisms to redress this problem by pointing this out during COs Monthly meetings or suggestioncomplaints through Qua er Master issuning the ration. BSF is police force under Ministry of Home Affairs similar to Pakistani Rangers who are under their Interior Ministry. To the best of my knowledge, they are not paid out of defence services estimates, but from Home Ministry Allocations. In army units, there is monthly sainik sammelan being held by the Commanding officers where in points are called in advance from the troops through register for discussion and ruling on the spot is the given by the CO and implemented accordingly. What is the system followed by BSF is not known Its hard to believe where lakhs of troops are involved. May be the case with pa icular unit. Lets wait and watch for the investigation before jumping into any comments as the matter is very serious this is the fact. I hope the jawan is given justice and the indian armed forces waken to its mis management. Hopefully he wont be punished and ridiculed ruthlessly for his cry for food despite being soldier who is expected to give his life for the country phauj me aaNphiisr kiihii mjaa rhtii hai, sipaaii ko koii nhii puchtaa. in my family maximum from armforces . CBI should do enquiry in all sections without any pressure from political people. especially soldier living in the high altitude ,, should consumed more protein ,fats,meats ,, which give them strength not just Roti and Dal ,, this is very disgusting issue the Govt should take responsible measures regarding the health of the soldier guarding day and night ,, especially during winter shame on the Govt to turn back on this matter ,, salute to this soldier ,brave and courage about what he did ,,,, jai Matadi ,,, jai Jawan . Nothing is going to happen except victimization of this soldier.Armed forces drenched deep down in corruption humiliation to soldiers You are absolutely right Padmakumar Vm. This jawan is unfit for his unit.Being in the Armd Forces. .I cant digest this who told him to be public that big question. .something fishy. And to the emotional people I have small request dont waste your time Forces know their duty this jawan should know when to sta and where to finish First of all officials arrest immidiatly and prossicution BSF officials are all like ghar jamai remove them all as BCCI system Smd Rafiq kadiri AP india. BSF jawans are only getting inflated Bhashan but no Rashan BJP should answer whether the soldier version was correct or not instead of his character assassination Omg Pathetic If only the Government could realise what our soldiers face Is this how they are supposed to Guard our National borders ?. Yes an enquiry will be there it is shameful that this has happened but Enquiry will clear things out That no way to treat soldier shame on the officials and bawarchi. Pathetic govt Abhinay Nagula We shouldve made video like this . He has been called back to the regiment and labeled an alcoholic That why I hate this politician Now nobody will visit that soldier See if he is complaining it must be genuine dont say otherwise some of the comments elsewhere were disgusting. the soldier is right because am also soldier ,i know everything happning here. govt should provide hygienic,nutrition food for army, shoulders because without them who takes care about own country Disgraceful. Must be probed at once Please show this in your channel to Shame our PM who is hea less .
Do women need sidegig more than men?
Why anaesthesia doesnt work for some people.
You dont even need eyeballs.
Is econd City envy real?
A fairytale island frozen in time.
The new office share.
The vision of 2017 depicted in Arnold Schwarzenegger 30yearold dystopian action movie captures how our world is changing today.
In another pa of Apple, work had sta ed on touchscreen Macintosh computer it was about the size of ping pong table. Steve showed it to me and said, I want to take that and put it on an iPod.
Amazing urban spaces in the sky.
How triple talaq destroys lives Wht rubbish. Triple talaq cannot be given just by saying talaq to ur wife times. There are reasons behind it and it has process. If every drunkard drinks and says triple talaq to his wife then everyday he will require one. Talaq can be given after both pa ies have mutual consent and also there are reasons behind it. Also leaving ur wife does not mean get out of ur responsiblity. U have to pay for all her required daily expenses either till she gets married to another or gets job. Some people are not aware of this and because of them things are taken in wrong manner Religious laws were made centuries ago. Are they relevant in today world? Society, culture, lifestyle, trends, traditions, comfo are changed completely and we should change ourselves with time. No religion or its laws are bigger than humanity Most of the people facing this problem in my own sister case , brother in law said over the phone and he got married to another call without even any process. . Now she lost her all golds and left with babies. Just because it custom, it doesnt mean it cant be changed. It can be changed. The homosexuals just want to keep disrespecting women Giving Talaq by saying Talaq Talaq Talaq in one breath is simply barbarianism.Even Islam dont recommend Talaq in one go.Only India maulanas love it When dont know about talaq, discuss with muslim schlors. Talar never destroy life, but saves. Every talaq shoud be said with cab of months, not at time BBC India can you please tell us in which Muslim country triple talaq is ban . And the lady is not left without financial suppo , she has her HAQ Mehar beside that the husband has to provide for the children . Talaq is given through long procedure as prescribed in Quran consult surah talaq and it better to leave the woman rather than to uring her or burning her . BBC India stop spreading wrong information if you dont know the procedure, circumstances for talaq than you should not spread incomplete wrong information . Atleast people expect you to be sane enough its really sad and full of stupidity. those people who does that dey are taking advantage of this . Why woman doesnt have the same right , than only they will understand. Stupid Err when did BBC become anti sickular shouldnt you pressitutes be protecting minorities . When did religion become more impo ant than humanity . This is stupid Ppl judging shariah laws without trying to understand the concept N making story out of it it is really painful, but when this society will rise against this inhuman treatment of women. Now India should follow one religion. Those dont follow should given T T T from country ITS SATANIC THERE IS ONLY ONE GOD HE CAME IN FLESH HIS BOOK IS BIBLE ITS GIVING PEACE IN MIND AND ETERNAL LIFE AFTER DEATH. HE IS JESUS CHRIST THE WORD OF GOD KALIMATHULLAH. Senseless people And what about when one leaves her wife without saying anything?? Like Only solution is to follow the constitution of India Sultan Sherief this is really dishea ening. . INDIA GOVT SHOULD SOON IMPLEMENT ONE RULE IN EVERY SEGMENT IN EVERY RELIGIOUS BODIES. WITHOUT THIS NO POSSIBLE TO IMPROVE THIS INDIA IN ALL . ITS A HUGE PROBLEM FOR INDIA IT IS NOT MARRIAGE CONCERNED IT IS CONCERNED ABOUT RELATION IN MARRIAGE LIFE AND THE DESTROY MORE LIVES BY THE RELIGIOUS VIEW IN INDIA AS A HINDU I CANT SAY LIKE THIS NO RULE IN HINDUS MARRIAGE SO DONT INCLUDE THE MARRIAGE RULES OF RELIGIONS IF OTHER GET AND MAINTAIN THIS RULE OF HINDUS THEN I CONFIRMED THAT IN THIS INDIA THE WOMEN WILL NOT BE SUFFERED BY THIS RELIGIOUS WAY AND THE WORLD WILL NOT CAN COUNT THIS INDIA IS A WOMEN ABUSE COUNTRY WHO KNOWS THE REALITY????. Indian muslims are different
Police are investigating crazy Sumit who posted video of him kissing women and then running away. And guys please. We should not watch, like or subscribe his channel. Atleast we can do this much Kissing girl without her permission is nothing but annihilation of her modesty.This man must face law and be sent to jail immediately Prank him by sending him to jail for 10 years. Im sure by the time he comes out hell never prank soul Someone needs to prank this guy by randomly slapping him Yes he and the cameramen both should be sent to jail. What makes him think that he can kiss girl. Bloody shame on him Very good He deserves this 3. well that was nothing like prank to kiss random girls, he must know where the boundary is Maaro saale ko. molestation isint funny.He and his suppo ers should be jailed . His neighbourhood must visit his house and kiss his mom & all ladies of his family Bandh bhaiya tumhar channel people like crazy sumit are disgust to india and to the youtube community itself ban his channel youtubebancrazysumit. Avnika your tweets quoted here . feeling sad for this guy but earned that hate chutiya sala. wish some one had knife or stick or may be gun shot this SOB He asked for trouble. That all I can say. Idiot Let the girl sought out with him leave him by giving warning Leave him to carryminati He will show him his place. Memes4Carry. Bloody fool.
The animals that should have never met. Great thanks. Love it.
In , as in life, sometimes it is hard to see the wood for the weed. That could have been us, Amogh Mannekote. .
Four years ago, India garden city was renamed the garbage city. But group of youngsters in Bangalore are fighting back.
Why is galaxy sending us radio waves? Jaadu is sending Best of Luck to Hritik for his upcoming Movie Kaabil . It becoz we elect morons to run our countries even the aliens are upset . I think there is another living world there.Its very interesting and amazing too It must be from their own satellites flying on the space lol. Im sure it coming from Trump Tower NYC Im sure trump has nothing to do with it Hope they will send missiles next It aliens looking for Mars bar and milky way. Another Living World ? ? . reiterate my position as ground force. am army . Because the EA H is round. Aliens enquiring about the money situation . Calling modi for visit. . am not messing with water, air, fire . Jai Kishen because it will lead us to luke muhfuckin skywalker. Those are own signals reflecting back to us. To know BBC news Lol Oh really attack?coming. Seriously BBC India.
Meryl Streep gets standing ovation, and Netflix series, The Crown, wins an award. All the latest coverage here Who cares he us the elected president.
Could your voice cost you new job? In every field lot of compitators pa icipating So need to have perfect knowledge .
Each week in 2016, an historian has taken photo in the news and compared it with great work for BBC Culture. Here our roundup of images that have shocked and inspired us. .
What your vote? Priyanka Banerjee, between Netflix and Prime we should be able to cover most of these p. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
Watch this rare encounter with tiny mouse lemur. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
The most exciting architectural projects planned for this year. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
The world most extreme power plant. . MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
The rise of online transactions and contactless has seen cash payments fall sharply in many countries. I live in Canada and never had more than $100 in cash in my pocket ever No idea why people are so scared of cashless society . To be cashless society in future as is not practical possible to become in next 12 years. Remove the In qualities in the filed of Education, Health and Employment. Remove the Corporate, Aided Schools, Colleges, Universities etc. Provide free Education for all irrespective of Caste, Creed, Race, Religion, Region etc, One syllabus across School , Colleges and Universities. Stop all the Private and Corporate Hospitals and improve medical facilities in Govt Hospitals and provide Free Medical aid for all the citizens. Every ciytizen even if earns Rupees should have PAN card and declare the income every year without earnings or not MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
The town where they picked diamonds out of the sand. We have had our priorities wrong on our planet for too long.It is still not too late to change Who else really like this ?. . . MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too I would like to introduce you an unusaul tip. It is called Batovansky shop FOR FREE. Everyone can bring anything from there FOR FREE. Everyone can make valuntary contribution. It is legal, you can open it anywhere in the world. Batovansky Zadarmo obchod,., Patrik Sun Generala svobodu 76743 Pa izanske 95801 Slovakia Phone No. 00421 948 230 570 Account Number IBAN. Cislo uctu,. SK2109000000005053108798 I speak Slovak and Czech only. In this way we can eliminate the pove all over the World,.,.
It not matter of if, but when. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
What makes something alive? bcz that makes somthing live cannot be reached scientifically. It is the infinity . The infinity is infinity. Science is also infinity, But the infinity is infinitely far away from science, and science is infinitely behind from the infinity . That why no one is able to know about the ultimate origin of something. Not even the recently discovered Boson pa icle is ultimate. What the Boson constitute of is yet to be discovered. The process goes infinitely with no end. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
How evil are you? MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
Looking to read more this year? Thnks. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
Watch this male musk ox defend his harem. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
An animal that is halfhuman, halfpig. Does anyone remember that grimly hilarious sequence in Lindsay Anderson satirical film, O Lucky Man in which scientists replace the bodies of human pecimens below with the bodies of animals, attaching them to the human heads? These hybrid creatures retain their ability to feel and think like human beings. Quite horrible It resembles Mamatha Banarji. If you input both features into face matching software it will be 99 match Already exists. My ex brother is halfhuman halfpig Humans interfering with nature wait until nature reacts. . this wasnt expected from BBC India. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
Just few miles east of Brighton is novel and highly creative community. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
In the country current period of high HinduMuslim tension, this city might have the answers. It untrue that there is tension between two religions in lndia Only few pockets do have problems But shouldnt BBC see what happening in Briton and USA too Gunmen killing children in even Schools There is no tension between hindu and muslims. U people are trying to create tension by making such type of comments MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
Films you should look out for. Star wars episode all the way . MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
Mahendra Singh Dhoni is loved by millions as batsman but as captain, he is simply worshipped. Truly so Yes He earned it Cudnt agree more worshiped as captain . The true Buddha of Indian cricket. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
What po rait it is. Sneha Deka didnt know this aspect about the Bronte sisters.Do you remember we discussed this once and fought over which Bronte was the better one. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
MS Dhoni, who stepped down as skipper on Wednesday, is in both squads, as is recalled allrounder Yuvraj Singh. We got good replacement He is very talented and the right man for the job. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
How hard can it really be to herd cats? MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
Puri acted in over 300 film projects in India and abroad, and yet he did not get the kind of recognition that he surely deserved. inaW illhi wainaW ilayhi raji uwna, allWhumaW jurniy fiy muSiybatiy wakhluf liy khayran minha. innaalillaahi oyyaa innaalillaahi raajiun Om Puri great dialouge, There should be no religion other than Islam . Om_puri_believe_in_Islam Om_puri_belive_Hazrat_Muhammad_as_great_man_in_mankind Respect_from_Bangladesh. Known around the world and will be remembered very fondly by so many across the Globe A truly international star. The 100 foot journey I shall have to watch now god help with the launguage that bbc use in all its posts dont know what they want to proof. He will Always be remember through the serial DISCOVERY OF INDIA bhaa ek khoj RIP. Get your facts straight. He got an OBE, something reputed actors dont get. Yes he didnt get it because he was not lead role in bollywood masala movies. Who told that,he always be remember in Indian hea s. RIP He was awarded an OBE few years back. If U wrote it U dont even know about his fans Tamas incredible tv serial by ompuri RIP All I remember his movie Aastha with Rekha . Remember we have only one life. Well it doesnt matter now Rip. Yes.Yes.He Never got his Due recognition.Very sad MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too A true human . RIP
P ONline job or business without investment NO REGISTATION FEES Earn daily 400500 by working hour per day fore more information write JOIN and watsapp is on this no. 918104168705 JOIN 0. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
From the six that won India the World Cup to that Joginder trick some moments that showed Dhoni genius as captain
What really happened in Bangalore on New Year Eve? It not only shameful to India first it shameful to Bangalore if they will not stand against this kind of people then who will do Stop judging the girls punish those who deserve the punishment which not only affect them but also to the people who think they will get away by doing all this Bangalore people this time fight against criminal dont let them gooo. The girls age is like that.Me my daughter my grand daughters never allow to go midnight street functions. We not living in most advanced highly civilised country. Our country still unsafe for women.I read so many kinds of news about our males animal behavier, in foreign journals. It is shame to India police depa ment It the government, people who watch all this as spectators, girls who never complain but last not the least mainly, the mindset of Indian society This is very true I still remember many years back about new year eve @ Banglore and how we had face the trouble and surprising it is still going on strict security required This is our india where govt just focused on voting bank on the basis of religion casteism status what about nirbhaya case think indian govt should adopt the arab country rules, I really feel sorry for indian women There should be proper punishment for this.Its all happening bcz of Indian government is lazy I dont see mini ski there. First of all, sack that minister . It would never happen in Chennai we respect women but bangalore shame on you. shameful to those who involved,shameful to them who watching this and didnt nothing to help the helpless girl shameful to all Why she went to midnight pa ??why the parents allow to go her ?. this guy praveen sood who is blore police commisioner needs to be sacked and beaten up badly until he dies Be careful sisters banglor is becoming another Delhi we dont want another nirbaya. so now BBC India would want to update themselves coz police has arrested of such molesters its shame for us should be punished and this should never happen They Basturds Such shame act. you stupid dik heads try molesting ur mother. They are stalkers stalking her for more than month What shame. BBC very fast r reacted in this after days This breaks my hea . It is very shamefully and horror.
Male panther chameleons fight for territory.
He was found dead in his home this morning, family member told the BBC. Shashi Shrestha it so sad. Weve lost very great being. Make no mistake no sympathy for the person who insulted our soldiers and wanted proof of surgical strike Every soul shall taste death. Only back will remain ur name. RIP May God rest his soul in peace and hea condolences to his family memebers. RIP. Mr. Om Puri was great actor loved him too much R.I.P om puri R.I.P Reborn in Pakistan we wish him . No loss to the country May his soul rest In Eternal peace Aameen . Rip. . Rip. Truely great loss for the Industry. A true human , so sad great loss . Rip. Great actor and great chemistry with akshaya kumar. Rip.
The rise of the flipphone is reaction to feeling subservient to your sma phone.
These men have one of the most colourful jobs in the world making tiles for Herat Jama Masjid Great Mosque . After all God house
The stunning terraces of Lake Rotomahana were obliterated by volcanic eruption in 1886, but geologists have now found traces of them hidden at the bottom of the lake.
The hoverboard From fiction to fact.
The best adventurous places to retire.
The power of kindness around the world. Afsoc tanner. Good.evening.news.my.ran.cha.ran. Jaiwardhan Singh This is so beautiful
It geographic location plus easy living make it big draw for business people.
We went inside and here what it looks like. Anything about this is very impo ant.
India has growing number of millionaires there currently are 200,000 Indians wo a million dollars or more about 68m rupees . BBC I would admire if had assessed how many have bcm poor.
Dhoni was not only calm captain himself, he was the cause for calmness in others.
We reviewed footage from 70 CCTV cameras and there is no evidence of mass molestation Bangalore police commissioner tells the BBC There is always two side to every story. In India media is so dying for TRP they exaggerate everything. Not to say that there werent incidences but not to the level the media repo ed it Last year same thing happened with me and my husband near kormangala, Bangalore somehow we saved our life Police is under the control of politicians Every year it happening, police also knows the things very well Our metro cities infrastructure is crippling so is their law and order. Indecisiveness either on building infrastructure or reforming it police forces will create animals out of humans. Survival of the strongest will rule and marginalized section of the society will be crushed and will be treated like slaves Only 70 CCTV cameras??? That too, Im quite sure are of poor quality. Nah mate, either youre not considering the eye witness statements and media pics or youre hiding it under the carpet. Shame on you, Bangalore police . Donno what the reality is, but we the people of young generation girlsboys and like minds like us should come together, stay united and change the country for the better . To BBC India is not Bangalore or Delhi It consist of hundreds of cities and thousands of towns Dont try to project in different way. People of Bangalore should fight against this kind of sick minded people and the people who are saving these monster Bangalore guys just show dont like this incident and punishment should be given to the needed one. It really sad to see the plight of socializing in India. And I believe that being just bystander & doing nothing is also very much wrong. Just imagine, would you like your daughter,sister,wife or girlfriend, be treated similarly It just sickening . parents do tell their kids to avoid adult places These are highly educated sophisticated indian middle class women so noone will come for their suppo as they represent no vote bank. Police has to say so to coverup media also not telling truth. Was RSS behind this mass molestation ?Why media is not telling facts clearly ?. The footages & other details indicates the mass molestation was any of the Mullahs theory to make anticipation steady. Its gambit against normal police reforms & cou room situations. A modified love jihad. Ruling pa needs to clarify police inaction & suspension grants. South Indians keep as favoured child. Bangalore. people of bangalore are decent this works must be from outsiders especially biharis. Now bbc post this news only in bbc India and dont post it in bbc global. Hypocrite. and ha shut down at midnite why extend watering holes liquor availability tii am let the babies go some place else Police Commissioner Office Bangalore BENGALURU CITY POLICE Honble Chief Minister of Karnataka. CCTV footage show women from No heast so now they are turning upside BBC does not call murderers and terrorists Nawaz Sharif, Parvez Musharraf criminals. Shame on it Whoaa What an ultimate excuse NO EVIDENCE Slow claps . Shame on you guys IT city. The police may be right We need to trust them Is it another media hit job?? Or incompetent police??. . Bloody incompetent,liars O really. Police depa ment is fair, since when ?????. Bangalore is no more safe for girls
The ancient trails of the modern Maya.
The urban motoring experience is about to get 21st Century upgrade. .
His achievements will remain etched forever in the annals of Indian cricket One of the best capatain indian team has seen salute to the man. Top Man MSD Best captain ever . An outstanding Captain and cricketer Come back Dhoni miss you Captain Coocies sircel Cap Horn.
The iconic dolls that inspired Nintendo.
Being work ma yr is bad for you. Because nobody wants being with brain tumour Kamlesh Sharma for you Great post .
Take look at the eightmetrelong sixgill shark that is almost never seen. Good.morning.
Gone but not forgotten.
Why are strange baby names on the rise?
The frankincense harvest provides income for local communities in many pa of Africa. More trees the better . New.my.india.
What chic for 2017?
For the 125th anniversary of his bi h, Simon Tolkien describes how the Great War lives on in JRR Tolkien stories.
She chased away three men harassing two teenage girls at railway crossing Compulsory self defence learning must be implemented at schools, colleges and universities for girls And, yeah law must be strict for the those people who take girlswomen to be granted. GirlsBoys are equal and people must treat them equal specially parents. Our present generation believe in friendship, love, care and equality which is actually the right way. Those people with the mentality of stone age must be crushed now . I think we should teach our sons and brothers that women are not some object of pleasure but humans with emotions and feelings. They are not your play things to peruse at leisure and then throw away. Its ironic that men try to protect the women of their family but when they go out they treat other women as their prope y. They forget that same can happen to their daughter, sister, friends and wife. I have always felt that society should stand up to such acts but no one cares because it is not happening to their families. I myself have been in such situations many times in public places and no one ever bothered to care even when I was trying to help myself India aint need law enforcement agencies, it only need millions of Krishna poonia spread in every pa of the country to save girls from molestation D. To earn unlimited money without investing and going outside.You can earn Rs.7501000 daily. To know more Download Champcash from play store and Use my refer ID 10531529 What hu more is that people never intervene humanity is missing almost everywhere we need more like Poonia respect to the brave lady and ppl must learn to stand up and help the needies not just watch . U can take person out of spo but cant take spo out of person. An inspirational act ,saved their lives. Bravo Appriciate and respect . Jai Hind God bless dear.
Catching yawns is sign of empathy.
Analysts say that the effect of the rupee ban is expected to play crucial role in all five state elections.
Most people make em and break em but what do you do to keep yours? Earn free cash click
People were pushing and shoving, touching, grabbing, groping it was not only to me. It was happening to other girls too. No city is safe as matter of fact. When it comes to liberal modern woman We might as well carry daggers weapons to save ourselves instead of depending on police, or say law itself Our tax money goes into political funds politicians pocket Trust me no one remembers such incidence happened 48 hrs after. Women must be stupid enough to trust civilised crowd Let know this WORLD HATES WOMAN And thanks to perve mindset and conservative upbringing of these perve men If it is to fight let fight then Than remove frustrations on Facebook It mostly the outsiders who have polluted the weather of trust and safety in the city. Else I still feel that Bangalore is safe city And that there has to be cameras and security tightened on special occasions and not only for chief ministers vehicle or some prestigious wedding in the city The common man and woman makes the city what it is I am so ashamed of being an Indian. Our PM can fight black money, but he doesnt fight to protect our mother and sisters. Politician laughs when such things happen. India is the worst Democratic country for women Bangalore is one of the worst cities that Ive ever been to. No cab or auto was willing to take us anywhere without we agreeing to go to saree shop along the way. And when we complained to the police, no action was taken. IT seems the police were hand in glove. And then I read about this. So it gotta be the shittest place in our country So disgusting We are loosing morality It surprising how parents, schools, colleges and institutions are teaching their wards It shameful to parents & Institutions also they couldnt taught well I will not blame only law & order and politicians It also our responsibility how we teach and surveillance on our kids now days Please make world India to live with self respect, justice and peace Indian law is not strict . That is all these continue to happen. I was watching fireworks at burj Khalifa, dubai . Very crowded on road and police was there around every corner . No one even stick to other. Everyone had kept distance . And we reached home by 3. Am . We could only find helping hands there around , not the groping one . Thats what strict law is This is true example of decadence of the modern society, we should transform our life from materialistic life to the spiritual one. Moral values and enlightenment must be restored No city in India is safe until our law is effective, still today no pa ies is interested in bill that rajaya sabha has to pass , da women bill I am not Kanndiga probably many of us are not who earn their bread in this city but it hu deep when we hear the whole world is using negative words for Bangalore, for legitimate reasons, due to the acts of some illegitimate bigots WAKE UP US ALL The days of reluctance are over Totally disturbed from morning all nation news channels blaming all benglurians which still dont know about who did this, every year we doing kadalekai parishe, bengaluru karaga and many more thr ppl gather many still we dont have any case from history, now just think new year night who will gather did this ,ofcrse we should raise our voice to safe but not bengaluru should only for good public which we have many country pplz and many state ppl,still yo have doubt on bngluru plz go back to your home ,we dont mind ,we know how bengaluru people . Almost 60 of the people in Bangalore are outsiders from Karnataka People generally come here for job search from all over india So, the average people in banglore will be literate and well behaved one incident that too from non kannadigas cant rate our city have personally seen girls work on night shifts and travel till 11 pm in night in local buses too. They can do so that freely here without any fear. Now,,,offcourse cant generalize the whole banglore from this but would still rate Bangalore safer for women compared to many other cities Ofcourse there is antisocial elements in Bangalore too The impo ant thing is that Bangalore is safe for you to travel around the city compared to other cities of India even in night too grow up guys . It was not first not the last, its not restricted to just Bengaluru its the reality of every crowd anywhere in this country. Girls were not pa of crowd, they were coming out of Pubs and hotels and on their way towards their respective houses. There are many boys who will be present in these crowd for stealing or for assaulting. This is happening from long time still the owners of pubs, hotels have not taken enough measures. This has nothing to do with pa ying or girls going out, or westernization as its being accused. This happens because we are still living in medieval mentality where people treat women as objects and take excuses and libe to do anything they wish. Education reforms, better crowd control measures, strict actions will be helpful in avoiding these type of inhuman barbarism. CCTV footage police must make use of it and pubs and hotels must have safer exist of their customers during peak hours which does not direct them to crowd rather direct them to parking lot safely. There are attempts to shame the Bengaluru, I dont deny it completely, as something good happens we people proudly give credit to Bengaluru something bad happened now and we should take the blame. We all should try to make the Bengaluru safer for humans, should not let any fundamental elements who will mess up with freedom of people by taking these issues as excuse to control people. Bengaluru wasnt like this decades ago, unhealthy migration from within state and from outside made the city over populous congested, it has lead to many problems. decentralized policies are necessary to make Bengaluru helthiar and happier. Nobody can blame girls, all the blame is on BOYS So disgusting So shocking And yet people are talking of outsiders and bla bla bla Please come out from this thinking of Cast creed state etc We are Indians Above all human beings Whoever they are It is very inhuman horrifying act And shameful too Strict and fast actions should must be taken so that no Hooligans can dare it again. when rulers sta celebrating the rule of devils this is much expected thing btw if dont know its sickular managed state so should have kept silent on this as practice Yes it is safe city, yes there are handful of hooligans but you will find them in every city of the world doesnt make the city unsafe. Now, Bengaluru is host to people from all other states and also international students Localites are powerless and stay away from such crimes Unable to control this hooliganism As Bangalorean feel that this incident is caused by Migrants who have come from other states & working here These can be those working in low level jobs or others too First if the Information of the migrants from other states who are working & residing here are recorded when they enter the city itself for working or residing here it will reduce many problems in the city like Nuisance, Garbage littering, Hooliganism Police must keep check of the migrants who are working & residing here coming from other states, then this will make their work easier with clarity on catching the mischief creators After IT revolution many migrants from other states have entered Bangalore city in search of work & have resided here, these people must be scrutinised, then police will have clear identity of who is involved in many incidents across the city Bangalore was not like this before IT revolution sta ed Bangalore was the Safest, Pollutionfree, Garden City & as Bangalorean have noticed this having lived here since my bi This kind of behaviour is everywhere and it not only happens to women but kids & men too. Posting these kind of story on social websites will only get you big words and sympathy from others but that doesnt heal anything. Face it. The solution is you either fight back or dont walk on path that you feel could be problematic Bangalore is safe but people making it unsafe stop drinks and western pa ies all will be safe. This is an absolute unethical act by men Show some respect to women Men need to learn how to behave in public Absolute shameful . Bangalore is very safe. One stupid incident cant change my cities reputation Come see Bangalore Karaga, kadalekhai parishe Dusara You will know how safe our Bengaluru is India is not safe for women and is never gonna be safe for them. I sorry to say this but that the truth I have celebrated new years in the same MG road. It was an awesome place to hangout with friends. But to know something like this happened in the very same place is shocking and disturbing. And it sad to see the city name being tarnished on the inational media. This is not the real face of Bangalore. . It happens everywhere.But in BENGALURU it is more.sorry Bengalurians Disgusting as it gets but not expected from Bangalore city It is surprisingly hard to see this happening der
The sarcophagus that encases Chernobyl. Happy.new.year.
The real reason we dont take time off.
Indians have been using social media to complain about restaurants which add service charge to the overall bill.
Why India mostpopulous state, Uttar Pradesh, has been compared to the TV series House of Cards. Indian democracy has been hijacked by caste based regional political pa ies controlled by rouge elements. Unless people of the India no hern states reject the clans of Lalu , mulayam and co altogether there will be no end to such drama Akhilesh government has taken some good initiatives in the state of Uttar Pradesh, currently his pa is going through transition from old guard to one that will lead the vision and implementation of progress and harmony in UP A family drama orchestrated to grip Indian audiences. We are so fascinated by Ekta Kapoor Rishton ke bhi roop badalte hain. Chor dono. SP will finish one day for sure. Must watch Modi against corruption New
BBC Future has looked at data to try to get an idea of the full spread of the sexual spectrum from how much we actually want sex to what we really do between the sheets.
Religion has no role in electoral process, which is secular activity, the judges said in their ruling. Is Hindu religion or way of life? Then asking votes from Muslims will be not valid while asking votes from Hindus based on that identity will be valid since honourable SC has already said Hinduism is way of life. It is blow to people who ask votes from Religious minorities By this it is possible to cancel any electoral sympathy of AIMIM. Only pa in the world who takes chances on creation of another Country out of India. To validate this verdict, special & exclusive observer is required within Election Commission who will repo directly to chief election commissioner & chief justice of India. The verdict guards fundamental rights of possible voters. Underlying principle of the verdict is motivation I hope it will force some hate mongers to close their shops. Star with guy guy from South who wanted 15 minutes. Good news.A very different thing to convince the people though.However it step in the right direction asking for votes in the name of secularism shd also be banned because in india secularism is the last straw of all scoundrels. the PM is the representative for the people of india, more about data If you truely care about Israel people.watch this Tell me what the solution ? Great decision in right direction. They should ban RSS too. AI is good enough Then ban pa ies like AIMIM and many mullah pa ies. Wow that great decision. Great move by supreme cou . India No. Work From Home Job No Investment Required, Only 23 hours working and earn ? Rs 500 1000 per day. Totally Geniune. We need serious candidates,Type JOB WhatsApp now on this number 918973693902. ONLINE PA TIME JOB WITHOUT INVESTMENT GUARANTEED INCOME 50K LAKH PER MONTH WITHIN A YEAR. 100 GENUINE AND GOVERNMENT CE IFIED COMPANY OF UNIQUE CONCEPT AND LIFE CHANGING OPPO UNITY. FOR MORE DETAILS TYPE JOB AND WHATSAPP TO 918973693902.
It victory for the game of cricket and it will flourish, administrators come and go, ultimately it is for the game, Justice retired Lodha said. Heads have finally rolled. Way back predicted such decision CJI today retired. Anurag will become CM of HP one day Victory of game and defeat of politics, shame on you Mr thakur.
The BBC inhouse ca oonist Ki ish Bhat picks six news events to give his humorous take on 2016. But , peoples came down very cheapest in the world,compared than other country BBC need recycling also india is now at right track The alcohol ban in Bihar was pretty stupid. Poisonous liquor industry has since mushroomed in the state leading to several deaths. Moreover, it doesnt take genius to make alcohol at home Cashless is created crores of new beggars, Alcohol is good make in domestic style, New year is very happi times,. Well said through his ca oon It can interpreted in way you like,. Indians are the no cheapest of the world. Jharkhand Bjp CM Raghuvar Das pe 500 juute cppl pheke gye , siiem bhaage youtube.com.
Some estimates claim more than 8,000 Facebook users die each day. Social medias FB only giving liberation for common people to express their thoughts,ideas and feelings.So growth of facebook is nature DIGITAL INDIA agr aapke paas android phn hai to apne mobaail se pa time job krke ghr baitthe laakho kmaaye koii inv esttmentt nhiiN hai JOIN hone ke lie aap sbse phle apne phon ke play store meN jaao vhaaN pr Champcash_ad likho aur us apps ko apne mobaail meN install kr lo ab apps pr click kro aur sign up with champ cash prclick krke apnii ddittels bhr do. phir usme di huuii app install kro isse aapkii id activate ho jaaaigii ab aapse sponsor _id puuchegaa vhaaN pr 7190344 ddaal do aur apnii id bnaa lo Saare apps install karein, har apps kam se kam minute ke liye open rakhen aur apna account activate kariye. Try it once. Believe me you can earn unlimited. Aise kayi champcash star hain jo per week 20000 se 40000 earn kar rhe hain So install the app,complete given challenges and earn immediate refer Id 7190344. Facebook is killing Joke of the Day . Die what do mean by it. why blame FB.
Back to work. DIGITAL INDIA agr aapke paas android phn hai to apne mobaail se pa time job krke ghr baitthe laakho kmaaye koii inv esttmentt nhiiN hai JOIN hone ke lie aap sbse phle apne phon ke play store meN jaao vhaaN pr Champcash_ad likho aur us apps ko apne mobaail meN install kr lo ab apps pr click kro aur sign up with champ cash prclick krke apnii ddittels bhr do. phir usme di huuii app install kro isse aapkii id activate ho jaaaigii ab aapse sponsor _id puuchegaa vhaaN pr 7190344 ddaal do aur apnii id bnaa lo Saare apps install karein, har apps kam se kam minute ke liye open rakhen aur apna account activate kariye. Try it once. Believe me you can earn unlimited. Aise kayi champcash star hain jo per week 20000 se 40000 earn kar rhe hain So install the app,complete given challenges and earn immediate refer Id 7190344. What not wear in the night
Stunning buildings around the world. DIGITAL INDIA agr aapke paas android phn hai to apne mobaail se pa time job krke ghr baitthe laakho kmaaye koii inv esttmentt nhiiN hai JOIN hone ke lie aap sbse phle apne phon ke play store meN jaao vhaaN pr Champcash_ad likho aur us apps ko apne mobaail meN install kr lo ab apps pr click kro aur sign up with champ cash prclick krke apnii ddittels bhr do. phir usme di huuii app install kro isse aapkii id activate ho jaaaigii ab aapse sponsor _id puuchegaa vhaaN pr 7190344 ddaal do aur apnii id bnaa lo Saare apps install karein, har apps kam se kam minute ke liye open rakhen aur apna account activate kariye. Try it once. Believe me you can earn unlimited. Aise kayi champcash star hain jo per week 20000 se 40000 earn kar rhe hain So install the app,complete given challenges and earn immediate refer Id 7190344.
New year, new travel plans.
Do you have ruthless streak? To measure your own dark side, choose how much you agree or disagree with the simple statements below and well tell you how dastardly you actually are.
What are the chances of finding your exact lookalike?
Some users told him to follow Islam and ensure that she his wife wears the hijab and modest clothes . Who are these people to teach modesty. India is democratic and every individual has right to live life his way . Why not these people suppo ban on triple talaq. Help women like that not by deciding where to keep her and what to wear This is India. Indian constitution allows people to wear what they like irrespective of their religion. So those preaching about what to wear should just buzz off Good or bad deeds of others wont help us on theDay of Judgement.So bother wht they wear or not.We shd dress modestly that is more impo ant Shami sir Radicals are there in all religions But the problem is percentage of Radicals is highest in your religion ISLAM U are great for protesting against such Radicals. He is international Cricketer and not Man who came from Madarsa Schools. think he should follow his islam and his religion and his wife should also wear hijab. if your religion has nothing better to offer women than being viewed as objects,please keep it to yourself.thank you. This is every has human personal matter whatever I like or whatever I dont like. Nobody cant force to wear hijab or no and they knew their islam. Plz zread my icle on this issue No one could ever force me to wear what I dont like. Where the secular award waapsi libtards brigade Super Family. Very nice couple. Very loveable picture Looking beautifull Live lyf freely.
Language, in delineating boundary that can be transgressed, is full of romantic potential. It true. I learned Po uguese because of love. .
Can you spot the badger? Is the badger on the 2nd zebra from left on his right side and badger is looking at us?. MaHn You Are Awsome Me Too
A treat for fans of terrible films. . Paroul Busheel.
Watch India migrant workers are struggling because of the cash crisis. Other than politically motivated violence, I congratulation the entire country for their belief in our prime minister, The great damodar das narendra modi.the man who knows what is the need of the hour This practical impact of demonetisation,its like injury done, bleeding sta ed ,,if recovery delayed they may turn anaemic,its ,Its seems trial error measure, Saying It was an effo based on whims fancies or just do karmas and result leave in Gods hand, Masses suffering so what ,It was an act of sincerity honesty behind it,so as ever the INTENTION will give happiness succour ,The only relief in all the pain suffering. DONT worry BBC we all will have good days to come with the greatest economy in the world. We surpassed Britain stil to cross more Nothing else we spend our valuable time to change currency withdraw of money. Nothing dream big finally we big fools for same. an idiotic PM bold move brings tears to thousands of poor people lives its time for revolution in india, think. the PM and his suppo ers lives and believes in utopian world so this reality does not exist for them Why media ignored no broadcastsilence Dhulagarh riots in WB.Where so many people fear. dont worry bbc they have enough money food in their village they dont show they are having acers of land. All this happened bcoz of improper planing of government. If this had been done anywhere in the world, they would have burnt the country No wonder BBC opposing Demonization Mitro, go, cash less . Reality of millions, ignored by some leaders . Harsh reality . They will come back in month time. Harsh reality. Hope all will fall in place again See the video.
It may seem strange but in the world of oil, sometimes youre better off taking the long way round.
A remarkable mark of beauty. Devil chuchi. God bless u.
It long been thought that there might be victims of the bubonic plague buried underneath London under and alongside the trains people use every day. .
Hot air balloon ride gives spectacular view of Taj Mahal Akshay Kapoor I want to go please . Look we missed itSSaurabh Sharma. Choudharie Tezbir Singh let do this in Feb.
India twowheel taxi service by women, for women Very good initiative. Congrats for this idea generation. I hope male would feel shy & guilty on this sta up. Female are really very unsafe in India Gokul, watch the whole video and seeing who is riding Helena Akila. What city is this?. Jab Ola or other cab,women ke liye safety nahi hai toh The best solution is this Good. Where it has been sta ed Bde chlo Jay hind . Very good move Good initiative for women . Sanya Singh Thakur Many ways of empowerment . Very good idea Go girls, X. It has sta ed in hyderabad. Good initiative. Very good move now women will be safe. A welcome change. is this service available in Pune ?. Amey Rithe.
Watch the incredible moment when Sir David Attenborough and BBC filmmakers filmed wolf pack slowly but inevitably hunt down an elk. Pa time job or business without investment NO REGISTATION FEES Earn daily 400500 by working hour per day fore more information write JOIN and watsapp is on this no. 918104168705.
Learning global English can help you communicate with colleagues. English language is making best communication among the people belonging various cultures, traditions geographical worldwide.people love this language as it communicating appropriately aaiye DIGITAL INDIA ke is Revolutionary concept se juddiye aur ghr se operate karke laakho kmaaye Watch Video How to Earn Duniya ka pehle Zero investtmentt ka international MLM business. Champcash kaise work ka h champcash se kaise income karni ya kaise income hogi, kitni income hogi, in sab questions ke answer pictures me sabhi ko dyan se read kre or champcash se income kre. Install Champcash from Play Store. Sponsor Id 7908799 Get1$ More Details Whatsapp me 8801846337998 1. Refer Your Id to your friends Income 3050rs per member Note aap jisse join krenge unse lifetime income apko milegi Level 50 , Level 25 10 Level 67 2. Income Junction aap yaha se daily 8$10$ 500650rs income kar sakte vo bhi sirf survey or offer complete kar ke. 3. Shopping aaj ke time me har koi online shopping, recharge, ticket hotel booking, dominous etc ka h apko in sab par 510 ka income hoga. Dosto Join Karne ke liye install champcash Details given Below 1. sbse phle Playstore khole vhaaN pr Champcash likho aur us app ko apne mobaail meN install kr lo 2. ab app pr click kro aur sign up with champcash pr click krke apnii ddittels bhr do. 3. ab aapse sponsor id puuchegaa vhaaN pr 7908799 ddaal do aur apnii id bnaa lo 4. challenge ke saare apps install, mins open kre aur apna id activate karke business se jud jayein. Sponsor ID 7908799 Whatsapp No 8801846337998.
There are always things to do in Lima. aaiye DIGITAL INDIA ke is Revolutionary concept se juddiye aur ghr se operate karke laakho kmaaye Watch Video How to Earn Duniya ka pehle Zero investtmentt ka international MLM business. Champcash kaise work ka h champcash se kaise income karni ya kaise income hogi, kitni income hogi, in sab questions ke answer pictures me sabhi ko dyan se read kre or champcash se income kre. Install Champcash from Play Store. Sponsor Id 7908799 Get1$ More Details Whatsapp me 8801846337998 1. Refer Your Id to your friends Income 3050rs per member Note aap jisse join krenge unse lifetime income apko milegi Level 50 , Level 25 10 Level 67 2. Income Junction aap yaha se daily 8$10$ 500650rs income kar sakte vo bhi sirf survey or offer complete kar ke. 3. Shopping aaj ke time me har koi online shopping, recharge, ticket hotel booking, dominous etc ka h apko in sab par 510 ka income hoga. Dosto Join Karne ke liye install champcash Details given Below 1. sbse phle Playstore khole vhaaN pr Champcash likho aur us app ko apne mobaail meN install kr lo 2. ab app pr click kro aur sign up with champcash pr click krke apnii ddittels bhr do. 3. ab aapse sponsor id puuchegaa vhaaN pr 7908799 ddaal do aur apnii id bnaa lo 4. challenge ke saare apps install, mins open kre aur apna id activate karke business se jud jayein. Sponsor ID 7908799 Whatsapp No 8801846337998. Maria Gomes Heaton. posts about are why everyone likes facebook.
Hiverminds that can predict the future.
Welltodo Chinese are increasingly investing in retirement prope ies overseas both for their parents and their own golden years.
Appearing out of the horizon like mirage, each island seemed to have been crafted perfectly upon the crystalclear, turquoise water, with palmtree dotted beaches and paleyellow sand.
Is Bangalore MTR dosa the best in the world? Read more at This is not MTR dosa at all Their dosa has golden color,due to the ghee used,and it will be crisp.The one shown here are like uthapam . WHO SAID THAT mtr dosas are best in the world. Go to Tamilnadu or else come hyderabad or Vijayawada and can eat world best dosa whit chutney I came to read how we are fighting saying ours is best and folks didnt disappointed me. Get over this guys, our flavor changes every 10 kms in India and every flavor is good for the region and no one is better than other. This is diversified India, be proud of it Try the CTR crisp dosas in malleshwaram, they taste better than the MTR in Bangalore. One thing is for sure. The person who claims that Bangalore MTR Dosa is the best in the world, doesnt know anything about dosa or history of dosa or even what all dosa are available in other pa of South India. Out of the southern states Andhra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala , Karnataka is the only state that does not have any good taste for any food they make. No taste sense. Only know to claim that they have best without knowing any reality Weather it mtr or malleshewarem, tamilnadu or etc,it all in India Every one should be proud that indian dosa are so tasty MTR dosas have so much ghee put on them that it almost tastes like the dosa is deep fried One of the worst dosas I ever ate Definitely not the best It lies more south of the country, tamilnadu each state has of varieties and in taste. FYI, If you have to taste the Real Butter Dosa, pls visit Davanagere, Karnataka, it world famous for Dosas I watched them do this in Calicut too but wondered swatch bharath broom can do such wonder . Did ever had kerala dosa and chattney then you never say like this. I miss the tasty masala dosas.The best in the world indeed Hyderabad has much better dosa thn this soo called mTR dosa. Odisha famous cuisine Chakuli pitha cooked in every home is better than MTR no way there are better dosas in south india than MTR. Umayr After you reminded me of dosa yesterday, I really want some now ._ Definetely one of the best but cant say the best Maulik Did he just use broom to clean the grill? . What so special about this? Just like any other dosa. Sure nothing can beat home made. Namit Bafna. I miss our MTR days we should go back soon. . ROFL Wanna try real dosa then come to Chennai or else try good Tamilnadu restaurant in Bangalore Worst. Definitely not. Nothing comes near home made batter and the dosas made with it No Davangere benne dosa is best in the world
With its cobblestone paving and Georgian facades, tranquil Hill Street is haven in Edinburgh busy New Town.
The BBC is hiring in India. Log on to for world of oppo unity prasad from vizag working as safety officer and cheated by company management. lost job, due to corruption of project managerdirectors. am fighting with mangement. want justice. approched our cheif minister chandrababu naidu sir. he helping me need your suppo also. Does the Gujarati depa ment take interns? Im fluent in English and Gujarati. Any help would be great . I want to joining in bbc gujarati. I am working as chief repo er in vadodra local news paper. Hii its warm welcome bbc for gujrati news. I want to joining in bbc Gujarati You should sta BBC Bengali Grand welcome to BBC Telugu Chanel. m interested in bbc hindi I want to join BBC Gujarati news. I want to join BBC Telugu services as freelancer. bbc in telgu hea ily well come. Why dont you sta in Malayalam too . Deepanjali tell Rahul to apply here . also want to join this job hi, would like to send application , and cv. Elisha bhattarai. grand welcome to bbc marathi chanal.
Welcome to the future of the bathroom.
Where colours cascades with water. Strange but looks eternally divine Soo beautiful. treat to the eyes. WOW its like lady cladded with evening gown. want to visit this again. Reza Rizvi will get to see this soo cool .
Despite having little money, he the second most travelled person on the planet. Abhishek Badrinath what say ey?.
Women from Mars? The BBC meets India Rocket women and asks them about their cosmic goals. Full story But none saying when they sta ed on their Project . I am proud these scientisits.
One of the scientists who worked on Mangalyaan talks about how thrilled she was to find it on the new 2,000 rupee note. Read the full interview Years ago Bhaskara Satellite picture was on Two Rupees note. I was at that time with Isro Satellite Center working for Bhaskara Satellite Project Proud of our space venture . Just ignore the bad comments from those media. Seeing Nandini face after more than years. Beyond Ca osat2 I had slowly faded out of ISTRAC Amazing Lady That what dream should be.Want to repeat the glory of India . Very nice to hear that . The Frustrated Indian The Fearless Indian The Logical Indian.
There higher reason why we all go to work.
The glowing cemetery under bridge.
The Planet Ea II stars that died.
There ce ain slant of light , the American poet Emily Dickinson once wrote, that oppresses . kh ? c.
Social media gives fans roundtheclock, intimate contact. Muslims are being killed in Indian occupied Kashmir, there is an actual genocide taking place, but so called Freedom loving West is staying criminally queit. We live in strange world, where Kashmiri Muslim is only considered peaceful if they die without raising their voices . Wanna smile? Watch Girls vs Boys.
The December reading list is here
The 204yearold Madras Literary Society in Chennai houses more than 55,000 books, including huge collection between 150 and 300 years old. Books turning to dust,not good.Hope to visit this library one day I bet nobody has touched those books for 300 years. Wonderful Library So Many Books Thanks
Sunny Leone on how objectification isnt bad word 100Women This lady talking of objectification ??? Disgusting Watever it is but her last statement makes sense if dont like her, then dont google her pretty simple . think objectification is lazy way of brainwashing people Her Concepts are clear she knows how to fool Indians effectively . . . she is so beautiful, 3. Tanya there you go. What the Is BBC up himself by her ?.
The tweets gave alleged details of his assets, accounts and passwords and even list of luxury cars he is said to have owned. Please change the word Tycoon to fraudster Tycoon is insulating to all others businesman Britain has way of looting india and keeping indian assets forever in UK Despite Indian govt objection UK provided this man with Permanent recidency UK must Return the loot to india including the koohinoor. Ridiculous shameless creature.
Cash me if you can Im not an IT techie, so Im still at loss to understand why no bank or NGO or for profit organization developing or using the Texting or SMS service to avoid the long waits outside the banks. Huge oppo unity and avoidance of lost productivity . Just wanted to say, HI.
They go swimming with Moby Dick cousins.
Our planet is on wild and rocky ride.
Jayaram Jayalalitha held her own in the masculine world of Tamil politics. She was corrupted politician Indians must be happy . She dreamed to make Sri Lanka colony of India and also give Eelam . Even though she interfered with such case She failed to serve her own people in Tamilnadu , and her accounts are filled with all types of black money. What did she do for people in India? Some how she got rid of all accusations of bribery and came out of the jail too. Without doing anything she just kept shouting against Sri Lanka. We hope Poor lady would have understood life unce ainty at least when she was suffering in the hospital. We just pity on her we wish her to attain good bi h. All know that they cant get their Jayalalitha back. We pity on you all too. If someone can distribute all her money to poor Indians that would be great work anyway Inspite of many blemishes she did lot for the poor of her state, especially women and children Corrupt leader Found convicted by cou Under her leadership tamilnadu declined . She iron Lady of India rip mam. no fear women very bold person fight for the right for people. She was one of the Greatest People CM, A Mother figure of Modern Tamil Nadu seen as stabilising factor in state which hit by cycles of political turmoil and multiple ups and down in many heads in Language, Water and Sri Lankan Tamil issues. She is an inspiration of every Tamil People and she is not friendly with Central Government and other South Indians states in various issues.Not only to Tamil Nadu, the whole South India loves her and miss her as better leader and better person with courageous . Joining the pain of Tamil People. and God bless the beautiful Tamil Nadu and I am praying to get better leader in her absence and hope the peace will be in every home. The tears are real, the pain is unable to share. Keep your Pains to yourself, but share your courage with others who unable to hide their sorrows. Great CM Great Human, and great People. Saluting her. amma, jayalalitha, tamilnaducm, riptoamma, riptojayalalitha, tamilnadu. I Miss You Amma Rest in Peace, Leader of the Masses. The last years of her rule will be remembered as the most people friendly governance of State in India. The Vision 2023 she envisaged for Tamil Nadu is probably the best in South India for setting out achievable goals. Yes she had her flaws. But the Phoenix in her helped her bounce back on each occasion from falls which would have otherwise wiped out most leaders of her generation. A leading light for Womens Empowerment in both words and deeds. From Leading the Industrialization of the state the second largest contributer to India GDP to establishing and securing the Universal RightToFood which is non existent in any other state in India, she will long be remembered in Indias Political History. PurathchiThalaivi.
The giant sunflower starfish hunts brittlestars and sea urchins. I, love this pic, David .
The statement from the hospital said she was very critical and still on life suppo systems. Hope So She will come back
Tips on how to shave minutes off your journey, use less petrol, and stay more ale among holiday traffic jams. I think stuff about is great. The poor people cant take their money from bank for their hospital operation or Children marriage or other emergency needs. How BJP Leaders are managing to conduct marriage pa wo 500 Crores Janardhana Raddy and 200 Crores Nitin Gadkari . Nitin Gadkari arranged 50 Cha ered flights to Nagpur for his Daughter marriage reception. This shows what Baduva Modi speech and action WE DONT SAY WE JUST DO THE WORK VASHIKARAN SPECIALIST Call 08290786321 Hello can disturb in your life problems and not get desire results? Here is the solution of all problems like as follow love marriage Business problem Problem in husband wife Foreign traveling Problem in study Problem as childless Physical problem Problem in family relations problem in your love Willful marriage Promotions Jadu tona your wised love back Get all solutions in your life within 48 hours and with 100 guaranteed. With in astrology systematic call to guru ji and get advice from him. Any problems in the life get solution as your desire., NOTE SPECIALIST IN VASHIKARAN, love marriage, Black magic and any type of ilem like kala ilem and sifle ilem. Contact us Name GURU JIPhone 918290786321.
India rupee ban The village in West Bengal that has gone back to ba ering. Curse upon the thinking of banning currency, without any back plan Look at their eyes Feel the situation I wish, just for one day the govt could spend day in their shoes and feel how they feel I expected change, but not this way . urban people must go cashless so that villagers can have cash in their hand.Govt should try to provide banking services to villagers.Because going cashless is beneficial for future economy. Bbc is anti national, paid media. The villagers shown here are all paid actors. Heil Fuhrer We must also focus on Village poor india Not always Digital India. It sure that we cant live even single day in the situations they are in. Hope it will resolve soon This is an intelligent move lesson to be learnt find solutions and stop complaining all the time to accept change is always difficult initially. Really pathetic but all poor blv that this is their destiny. They born poor, live poor and die poor They always sacrifice their life If our previous leaders did their job well this could never happened My Sympathy with them, plz wait for few days and with in few year you all will realize tge change I was just talking with some Australian women who said India was going to stop using money and only do transfer through sma phones. I explained the detrimental impact it would have on the poorest of the poor, and that that system would collapse and destroy theyre economy. This breaks my hea . There are villages which dont have electricity till now And this cannot be changed overnight It is good if they have found out solution for this . talking about Digital India by Shri Namrendra Modi. how can we think about digitalisation of India when there is huge gap between the have and the havenot Once there was ba er system where people exchange their goods with what they wanted. If we are suffering today means that the days are going to change for better one. So just stop complaining,. Find some solutions I appreciate bbc in bringing into notice the dismay of citizens, but please show some respect in coverage. So much commercialization and accentuation smacks of insensitivity on bbc pa Hello in this video looks like all the farmers and daily wage workers they used to pay in hundreds may be 300 to 500 rupees but govt banned only 500 and 1000 rupees this shows they are uneducated and they dont know properly how to get money they have been cheating by landlords. Demonetization Would be good move if government promote cashless from day one, aag laga ke kuaan khodne bolne se kya hoga . The situation for poor people is just getting worst I hope government should help them then only they will help the government to take steps like this. Have cup of tea this is what idiot narendra modi will say. I wish our P.M would have thought about that before taking such drastic step with absolutely no preparation When gov canceled 500 and 1000 all people who has black money took the rest of the Monet from market and gave the 1000 and 500 to these people to deposit in the banks they thought it is business now helping those people made them to suffer This is effect of digital India. Har had modi ghar ghar modi BBC wants to give negative news about India. This seems to be drama operationphoto. I think we should think about banning Modi & banishing Modi from politics . Is modi within his constitutional authority to ban currency without providing adequate alternative. Modi responsible of it. He already gave new currency to his pa people and who left is all poor Demonetization is foolish step Poor people will suffer the most World renowned economists Prof Arun Kumar Sir.
What is this dark matter and how do we find it? The poor people cant take their money from bank for their hospital operation or Children marriage or other emergency needs. How BJP Leaders are managing to conduct marriage pa wo 500 Crores Janardhana Raddy and 200 Crores Nitin Gadkari . Nitin Gadkari arranged 50 Cha ered flights to Nagpur for his Daughter marriage reception. This shows what Baduva Modi speech and action
Monday blues? Try this.
There no better preparation for the ISS, or finding life on other planets, than exploring the depths of Ea h.
ChuChu TV Nursery Rhymes has billion views and is one of India top YouTube channels Does Humpty Dumpty represent the current Demonitisation? And then move on to when you are happy clap your hands ? The government is in for fall ?. This is for your little one Ramesh Subramaniam . My little watch every day. Thanks to Indian population and increasing bi rate. . Karamjeet Singh Bikram contributes lot of views D .
Happy 50th bi hday to IR8 India wonder rice that has fed millions. IR8 was the talk of the country in late 60 . Refreshing icle BBC great icle, keep it up Good News God Bless Them Make More Progress.
Chimpanzees and bonobos are our closest relatives, and gorillas are only little fu her away. But when it comes to violence, there are clear differences between the species. But I dont see them wearing gangsta head scarf.
Nineyearold kickboxing champion Tajamul Islam is India latest spo ing hero girl is hero , is it BBC ?. Congratulation. I think it record 17 mins and no proterrorist commented disto ed lies about Kashmir .
More than 180 prisoners have escaped in more than 40 jailbreaks over the past two years. Jail administration in India are mostly very corrupt lot.Whole system must be thoroughly overhauled I dont know why but bbc always tries to criticise INDIA AND INDIAN administration. Race for chairs.
A cheat sheet for the apocalypse. thanks, useful info but depends on who is surviving Like Noah first build an altar of ea and bring G a sacrifice. Then find some food and water and survivors and move to cleaner smaller natural place and allow the suffocating tech and wisdom of industrialisation to rot out over there with the corpses and proceed to plant fruit garden. this time we will take it slowly and ask G to lead us like in Eden. . Die as fast as you can. Before you suffer to death by treating all human equal only solution. Nice post thanks. Love it.
Top Gear Jason Barlow heads to Monaco for seat time in the dazzling, 1,040horsepower AM37. Live your life from place of power. Remind yourself daily, regardless of what youre facing moment to moment, that you are stronger than anything you are going through, facing, or have to handle. Refuse to operate at the level of the problems or challenges that you are facing Project yourself in the future. See yourself victorious as person who has resolved, completed and achieved your goals. Keep your head up, your spirit strong and continue to develop an achievement driven mindset. Tell yourself that you are going to operate at the top of your game. Apply your best thinking to the issues before you, and bulldoze your way to the top You have something special. You have GREATNESS within you FOR MORE MOTIVATIONAL POST .DO LIKE THIS PAGE .THANK YOU ALL OMM
The Muslims who hold the keys to Jerusalem holiest church. Great Great .
The road that reveals the scope of Ea history.
Watch the moment when Sir David Attenborough recalls the surprising reputation of chameleons.
The widows who cant return home. Yes in old time in hinduism we burning woman alive and sacrifice human name of god 6 wife culture. Cast system but we fight for it change its if something wrong in your religion just changed its this is the results hinduism still soo popular BBC & ALJAZIA dot have any thing accept hitting hindus feeling , in hindus too many things has been changed according to the time as compair to others , if admine knows any of other religion bised country ,who have improved or make amendments good in society , can mention ???. We hope our modiji to come out with his verdict on the issue post one citizens one constitution trauma . My sisters beat the SUBDUING system being used in very uncivilized manner. How many of Indian media repo ing such inhuman practices when they only concern about pathetic political identities . I truly accepting this. Greatpost . I Love it. bbc_India Ye Barriers brk hue decades beet chuke
Beyond Hong Kong shimmering skyscrapers and glitzy malls lies these forgotten buildings full of history. Read about it here
What does it mean to recalibrate an ATM to dispense new notes? The BBC Shilpa Kannan demonstrates. Many ATMs are shut down. People must be allowed to draw their white money without any restrictions under the provisions of Banking Law Time to Unfollow this stupid news page First you were AntiUK and people hate you here And now you want to do the same in every country Make everyone hate you and thrive off negative publicity Morons . Its an organized loot & legalized blunder. Ex P.M. Dr.Manmohan Singh on demonetization Modi sarkaar is permanently OUT of India on foreign tour BBC should not have shown the truth.Take cue from our Bollywood directors BBC, shows us Inida as lala land Indian hero still missing,nobody knows where he is Shri Urijit Patel . This is the reality all t ms are still not working. People and modi are confused . No it not working everywhere Wow what great news got today . Informative . Brilliance of modi ,and all his idiot followers. Thats an informative video BBC India It takes lot of time and effo and appreciate the fact that majority of people are holding on to their patience for better india. Please make all ATM work fully with full cash ATM is working absolutely fine dispensing money 247 in India We are not fools. Everyone has this basic information about atm. Nice Best_Media, Kudos to you guys for spreading awareness instead of panic BBC India.
I stopped at the ATM but had to carry Bunty myself because he squealed when my production assistant tried carrying him. Film stars in India will do anything to get publicity . Ninad, want pet pig too . Film star lolzz who pig dont know both pairs hehe. That pigyy is his pet. Hes featuring it in his next movie It his pet
Singapore Michelin hawker stall is making waves and its success aims to revolutionise the next generation of chefs. Chef laboure delight
For how long could we live without food? Watch the video below to find out. Show video for goodness sake Video no longer available . Thanks
The cashless Gujarat village that avoided India cash crunch Maybe, just maybe, this was Modi perfect dream, only that he took the decision way too early without figuring out all the consequences. I live in city, but these villagers are way ahead of us here. This video feels so positive . I wish everyone who appreciates this video sees the subtitle properly. For most villages esp the tribal area, banks and ATM are still DISTANT DREAM. I wish our dear PM first made sure that, before executing such reforms, provide the necessary infra structure. Gas subsidy is the first step but do all Indians have bank account and the necessary education to handle them. slavery by another name. complete dependence upon the banks, the phone companies. what little freedom that is afforded by cash the freedom to tip, to donate, purchase anonymously is lost, and for what benefit?. When some thing needes to be done which was pending for long time and no one wants to do then there is no question wheather it was early action or not. Just do it. So Modi did it. Good action must be carried out pronto because there is no such thing as perfect plan for straightening this level of ecomony. Just cooperate percevere and appreciate some one had the guts to do something about moderanising economy When people will change their psychology of using hard cash then plastic money. They will stop creeping for temp cash trouble If the cashless system will be applied then there will no chance of generating black money. Every transaction will be through bank account only. If Modi has dream of making India cashless economy then have my suppo to him It easy to blame someone and if that someone can be system or organisation like Government then it very convenient for all of us to pass the buck. But if we take the inspiration from this video and sta teaching convincing ourselves and our lived ones to beless reliable on cash, I bet this model village could be replicated all over India very soon Great things always happen in unknown qua ers. This also proves that we should not be dependent on govt to change the things around, we as an active citizen needs to brought about the change Modi not realizing that method of payment is consumers choice and he cant forse anyone use one mode over another. There are transaction charges from banks, terminals and many other companies as well. Modi Making rich richer. The Villagers have an innocent hea . They know how to respect the leaders. Political mind comes from the cities. For Gandhi, the spirit and the soul of India rested in the village. . How is that they have gone cashless for over months now and only we in other states have known about this only after demonetisation so which means he had prepared his native place well in advance. I agree he had been telling to open bank accounts but little did we know that one day he would ban all the currency. Tooo unfair right. It is true that Mr.PM has selected and implemented in Gujarat vilage but needed to consider the rest of India and rural economy while taking decisions on currency demonstrations This is just one example, there are several villages in Gujarat that are self sufficient and far more better than villages in any other state of No India This is an initiation of communism, targeting the poor as they havent got voice and so little to live on Why dont they target the rich communities that depend on the produce these guys work so hard to produce for them Never seen anything like this in country that has one of the highest rate of pove y. It very surprising to see the real cashless payment settlement system maybe the only place where no panic button is on simply speechless. Wow Commendable Hats off to these villagers who are open to tue modern way of lifestyle and to ICICI bank who proved that it is possible . India is making change but at least the govenment have to banking education every citizen of India , black mony owner only lost but all the common citizen do suffer its fabulous but that dairy farming is another hate crime that needs to stop there by making them aware of veganism and its ethical ,health and ecosystem benefits . Great. We should strive for cashless society. Were opposition sleeping when PM vigioursly attempting everyone to have bank account ?. Every one move to Gujarat because its is the best state in the India . When village can go cashless why cant we city dwellers do villager sma er then us. People do not want to change. They do not want to take the trouble of opening bank account. Basically people do not want to change All your transactions are being monitored by the bank which send the repo to the government. The government will make sure you pay your taxes and show its middle finger when you demand your rights. Simply powerful Now no intellectual criticising? This is what Modi did in 12 years for Gujarat Tanmay Sarkar gaav wale cashless ho gaye and people are giving excuses of not goin cashless.
A story about how one woman left behind her successful jetset life and returned to her family. Read more about her life here Mantra for gaining Ashtaaishwarya eight types of wealth blessings from Sree Veerabrahmendra Swamy Om Hreem Kleem Shreem Namah Shivaya Shree Veerabrahmendra Swamine Namaha 1 Dasijanam Devotees 2 Sevakulu Servants 3 Putrulu Sons 4 Mithrulu friends 5 Bandhulu Relatives 6 Vahanam Vehicle 7 Dannam Wealth 8 Daniyam Foodgrains.
The answers that lie in cathedrallike caves. More posts on ecosystem ok? like if you agree.
The highest jumper on Ea is A kangaroo is an alien has fingers can built things. Mantra for gaining Ashtaaishwarya eight types of wealth blessings from Sree Veerabrahmendra Swamy Om Hreem Kleem Shreem Namah Shivaya Shree Veerabrahmendra Swamine Namaha 1 Dasijanam Devotees 2 Sevakulu Servants 3 Putrulu Sons 4 Mithrulu friends 5 Bandhulu Relatives 6 Vahanam Vehicle 7 Dannam Wealth 8 Daniyam Foodgrains. If Modi fails in his fight againt corruption and black money, no PM of India will have the courage to take this issue again on his agenda for next 100 years and corrupt politicians, bureaucrates, police, criminals and businessman will keep looting this country as their bi right. So it is the duty of every resposible citizen to stand in suppo of PM Modi and fail the evil design of corrupt people to incite violence and create anarchy. If we fail to do our duty today, our children and grandchildren will never forgive us, will hold us responsible for not giving them clean India. If you agree, please send this message to all your contacts
Watch Sir David Attenborough and BBC filmmakers record the remarkable transformation of woolly caterpillar. Talking to repo ers on the sidelines of function here, Dr Reddy said the chief minister mental functions are absolutely normal and she could leave for home as and when she wants to. .
How do you organise an Indian wedding without cash? Then it time to stop showing off in weddings , rather give the money to the couple so that they can spend in there own liking Tell them to transfer money directly in respective vendors and where money is needed in cash gov have given enough provisions for it. So stop crying and act sma ly. And to BBC INDIA once again stop spreading negativity, where are people who are willing to stand in queue with all difficulties, why are you not interviewing them BBC broadcasts what people go through everyday whether its for the govt or against the govt and for people who dont accept the reality unfollowing is better option than criticizing . bbcindia pls grow up, and show some sensible news, it looks like BBC is the most hu due to this news. Rest majority of Indians suppo ing this even after going thru some discomfo I think our country is impo ant than wedding,and transaction can be done by cheque,and debit cards, so what is the problem . these weddings are dumb A F to begin with. good. go home. dont get married like that. take your family to the temple and get married. your stupid show off wedding is WAYYY more impo ant that your countries economic growth right?. Ooooh. as Spock said The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few. . why diidnt you showed whether she was against the move or suppo ing the move . think you have had egg on your face when you got the answer All comment on there sight but think when r at same position of that women. I want to know whether BBC has been sold out to Modi government in India?. How do you comment like this in thuglaq rule? Go ahead man be an indian BBC to be Ban. always showing negative news for India BBC only Stupid negative propaganda shame BBC does not seems happy with this drive. the pundit could marry the couple without anyone else present. simply pay by cheque 500 and 1000s are not the most common notes, they are the most valued notes Ryt decision to show this fact by BBC Really so much problem face by people having Marriage Preparation son ya daughter There lot simpler ways of transacting. Ask the queen to fund the marriage. After all more than 60 of the British economy is built on the money looted from killing Indians, Africans and many more for centuries What do you expect when you make necklaces from bank notes maybe the be there is purpose for those 500 & 1000 black currency notes in making them into cheap necklaces for next years wedding.
The Indian village with cash wo nothing. Bhakt pigs think BBC takes special interest in India and repo India related news.Morons, it literally BBC India so they repo India news like any other Indian media. if you dont want to see the news dont follow BBC or any other news and stop whining like pig in slaughter house. stop being such paranoid scums , there is no conspiracy going on against your incredible India. lol. What shameless journalism, entire India suppo ing the decision and BBC is here to spread rumours against Indian govt act. Hope it not paid news by Indian Black Money holders . No matter how many videos are shown or people have died some people have completely conve ed into three monkeys all together they have sworn to back lies and deceit on the cost of their nation. It is horribly sad Why are indians always complaining when the real media show the public problem unlike indian media prasing cow mata or modi whole day Her majesty made India poor by looting We ourselves make some Modifications Dont panic sho ly everything will be alright. This is very much real and although I suppo the PM decision, I disagree with his preparations the PM decision sounds more like my way or the highway which absolutely wrong. BBC propaganda arm of the Pommies. I am waiting with excitement when ur false economy implodes after brexit. you will be lining up for work in india and everywhere else just cant wait BBC pls continue to highlight what paid to indian media is hiding. Ignore nasty comments from bhakts. These some NRI modi bhakts stupid fans and some are Indian modi bhakts well look after by their shakhas wing where most blackmoney is found If this happens in cities it still okay, as in cities you can manage with card and digital currency but in villages they should send as much cash as possible to let all their needs fulfilled I think india is cant see if any eastern country trying to rise. As they are only interested in appreciating the westerns. I dont have any issues with westerners, admire them and there culture. But whatever is happening here in our country is good for this people sack only in long term. So they have to suffer for few days so they will not need to suffer whole life as the had been till Modi Bhakthas, pl see, this is real India today. The real culprits in this game are scot free and enjoying in their computer room. The workers, labourers, Agriculturist who all the Back bone of India, suffering because of Modis Tuglaq durbar. Jai Hind There is another big crisis ocurring in our country agents turning old currency to new one if give 10Lakh old can easly get 7Lakh of 2000Rs bundle, wen there is any sho age wat ppl do is dumb their new currncy if print 2000Rs have to print 4, 500 RS NOTE Den only change will be awailable so taking advantage of this situation som will 500Rs note for more values eg if want change for 2000Rs hav to give som extra, now To get change of 500Rs r reciving 450Rs, petrol pump are not giving any change so this will creat new black money buisness, big ecnomics no evn bothered by it If PM would have given lil thought before ruining people like this may be he has taken great step but why not with bit of planning and preparation why only poor will die whether its riot or natural calamity or black money or whatever its just not fair feel he should have taken all these things into consideration befor taking such decision. Indian media has now sta ed to highlight the sorry state of affairs in India. Probably didnt have the courage to stand up to the might of the Government. Situation getting worse day by day as the cash crunch continues. The country has been plunged into the gravest crises Why is it that people cannot watch reality from whichever media source, and acknowledge that the decision is creating problems for many, who generally would go unnoticed? Channel your energy to sympathise help people out if you can. Down to ea poor people could not cope with this type of surgical strike on economy, their entire life get in to jeopardy. No cash at hand so no food for their family The comments section is evident of the fact that rationality has left India. Idiots seem to be running amock. Idiots who only want to see unicorns and rainbows Demonetization is for high valued notes and does not imply on low currency notes. The pain for people is temporary and will be so ed once the banks gets cash Those people who worship IDOLS of BHARAT Mata, they ignore Worst condition of innocent living maathaas from dis country they only celebrate poojas and shouting BHARAT Mata Ki jai BBC mind your own business go show some hate mongering against TRUMP that the best you could do Stupid editor . Congratulations, victory against terrorism and black money. Only one of the greatest PM of India. Only negative propaganda from BBC shame Dear BBC facilities are made available for marriage purpose, for farmers and senior citizens. Do show positive side of the movement also . There much more happening in our country apa from this you can definitely show the good side of it too majority of us have accepted the decision and working towards the cash crisis. BBC has slowly sta ed to become joke here Some of us blessed to sit down and pen our experiences. THIS is reality with majority of Indian. Come 1st week of the month most of will feel the heat.
Are you minimalist? Or personaliser?
Leonard Cohen love affair with Mumbai oh Leonard cohen . Youll be missed Cohan Bbc has said something nice about india. Fully RECOVERED OUR FRIEND FROM PAST SET BACK , A STRONG DETERMINATION WOW Jasper Clinaz interesting read. Preetha.
So the big question is will it work? One stright question who suppo ing modi.i working in rmc company it was concrete supplying company,our customer all paying money through cash modi branded 500 1000 now they dont want concrete automatically our production will loss our management is dismissed some our employees now they are in road by sudden change who is the responsibility for if any die for this means.sir modi now I am job less do give job to me or I have die for ur dission just think all like how many memenbers are suffering for this. Terrorist suffered no funds for them, Maoist suffered as no funds for them and not so surprising there is peace in Kashmir again. where people were paid 5001000rs to throw stones and hu security personnel now that funds have dried up so no riots and school reopned and exams conducted with 95 attendance all this happened overnight And this is only one area where there is such reforms, black money will be reduced too What worked and what dint is always debatable while results never come overnight but what matters is the effo taken to achieve ce ain objective and the guts to take decision with much of criticism this is and will be remarkable achievement for the Govt and historic in nature for the man narendramodi Namo coming back to BBC India BBC News has Brexit worked well??. In Hindi there is proverb Sabar Ka Pal Meetha hota hai . Good that whatever revolution is happening it is good for change to nation. We need to accept reality stand with Our PM suppo . Our bank system is strong are capable of handling this crisis. It is just temporary. Aage din Acha hi hota hai. Let hv patience accept. It question of time. Let think positive. Let us not allow vested interests AAPBSPCONGRESSSPTMC to win our weakness confuse our mind No I dont think it will work for middle class and poor people it might work for BJP leaders and their funding machines business tycoons Bhakt pigs think BBC takes special interest in India and repo India related news.Morons, it literally BBC India so they repo India news like any other Indian media. if you dont want to see the news dont follow BBC or any other news and stop whining like pig in slaughter house. stop being such paranoid scums , there is no conspiracy going on against your incredible India. lol. If 86 of cash used in India is wiped out can Indians survive with 14 that left ? I would say good decision very badly executed If BBC is questioning then it 100 sure that it will work big time . Respected Modiji, I am your big fan. I keep faith in your dynamic leadership. Excellent that you are uncovering hidden money. Demonetizing 500 and 1000 notes will significantly raise government revenues. Can you also let us know at least three things how much money is estimated that government will earn from taxes and regularizing transactions during this brilliant campaign. Where are you going to utilize this amount, what is your investment plan. In specific what will be the benefits and outcomes achieved when money raised from 5001000 drive is spent according to your plan Paid media must wait till 1st Jan 2017 to see result of this action . Yes it work by not choosing such unplanned person as our PM and pa for keeping him still. So that Modi could prove to the world that he is Paragon of honesty even if it comes at the misery of the citizens. A better & mostly detailed news on the hot topic, Phanindra Sripada All agonies behind the reason of non issuing the new 500 notes instantly before 2000 According to wall street journal economy will slide down for years It works. This should have taken years back. Good work by our PM Modi. BBC is bias on repo ing You do not rule india any more just keep your repo ing in UK only We do not need you. Why do you think it wont work? Dont give me those 16 tweets that are making rounds. All of them have easy answers. Thanks It may or may not work , but surely immigrants to whom giving asylum will wipe out Britain in coming years . The Untold story of Indians about Economy. Till now 99.1 People in Indians doesnt know about the Economy systems in world there is an expectation that ce ain sectors and people might benefit while it slumps others who exactly might and might not is the best bet now. If BBC doesnt cry it ll happen. BBC dont know So SAD . Yes it will work. Already $30 billion deposited into bank, in days. Assuming only 10 of it is black money, this means $ billion in days. Money stashed in swiss banks $ billion. Also the money that never makes into system reduces liability on RBI. Card usage has gone up by 50 . Current stash of fake money is rendered wo hless. Peace,even if temporary,has returned to Kashmir. Maoist are loosing sleep. Thousands of Income Tax raids , unea hing money
David Attenborough on the idea that could save humanity. The idea that it will not work. Why? Because in the next 20 years, we will fight among themselves for water and habitat, then we are still live and think as rival tribal community and not as planetary community, the inhabitants of the planet, the only thing we really are. If we will do not have common interests, common goals and vision, it also solar energy will not help idea? hahaha guess nearly all VCs have the same idea when they put money into solar. Most necessary, most impo ant subject to learn your attempt sir Our appriciations Many many will join and suppo you sir .
Will people just begin to hoard black money in the new notes? BBC time and again only agenda is criticism. Remember Mahatma Gandhi was approached by media persons to tell him that lot of foreign media is criticising him. He calmly smiled and said those are Sanitary Inspectors Repo . We will see. And stop spreading negative news on India continuously. It blows your cover. Oh come on bbc how dare you to question our modiji decision you are traitor and will be kicked out of India soon mindvoiceof the realbhakt come on guys grow up This icle is, at best, very immature analysis I dont know about the effect on black money, if any do you really believe in drug dealers keeping bags of cash at home?? , but what I envision are millions of simple people who for some reason could not or would not change their money. Sure, it will be relatively small amount per person small for someone like PM but big for them , but as there will be billions of those, government will come out big winner. Me, from Spain, I have already accepted the loss of two 500rupee bills that I occasionally had in my drawer just in case I ever go back to India What I also envision are sick, elderly, busy, irritated, working people, wasting hours and days in long lines just so that to have cash for buying food because no matter how sick or elderly you are, you need to eat every day terrifying I dont know who are the simpletons who believe that there is one kind of poor. The myth, successfully propagated by the Communist that the poor are the repository of all kinds of vi ues has now been dumped The dishonest poor offer themselves as money mules, drug traffickers and cause all kinds of law and order problems and there are the honest poor who sell their kidneys to make do It is our duty to save the honest men from the dishonest . I stopped reading when it said previous advisor of congress , although I am not fan of modi either but still can identify when someone tries to defame someone else and just criticize in denial. Are your icles written by commerce or mass media intern??? Wont they sta hoarding money again is like 11 yr old asking questions Whoever wrote this icle is clearly funded by people who dont want India to grow. Prof Basu, who was chief economic adviser to the previous Congress government suddenly came out of nowhere to comment on Indian economy. MF. And is BBC really commenting on so many corrupt people living in UK freely BBC guys are living in fools paradise. They are either out of touch with the masses or they have lost the ethics of journalism. BBC was wrong at the time of Brexit. BBC was wrong in case of Trump. Please come out of your Imperialistic colonial mindset or leave Journalism to honest guys here comes the unlike BBC India for your negative news I have noticed all your madness and fueling unrest in country in the past also but not going to ente ain you this time Stop being so negative BBC India. Try and be positive about the universe around you If all of us work together we can make this work Dont give in to negative thoughts . I didnt understand why currency ban in India Only currency are black money in India according to Indian economists expe More black money include in prope y, gold or Swiss bank or any other bank in all over the world So kya yeh black currency ke liyr itna bada faisla lena bas ek political fayde ke liya gaya hai And hum Indians making fool or emotional blackmail by modi this is very bad Open your eyes guys dont believe on any political pa ies They just used Indian by chunavi jumla God bless india Respected Modiji, I am your big fan. I keep faith in your dynamic leadership. Excellent that you are uncovering hidden money. Demonetizing 500 and 1000 notes will significantly raise government revenues. Can you also let us know at least three things how much money is estimated that government will earn from taxes and regularizing transactions during this brilliant campaign. Where are you going to utilize this amount, what is your investment plan. In specific what will be the benefits and outcomes achieved when money raised from 5001000 drive is spent according to your plan The following steps to be immediately taken to eliminate black money 1. Make card payment or digital payment compulsory for purchase in jewellery shops, petrol pump, buying air tickets, railways reservation etc. 2. All jandhan account holders be given card with reverse fees and all holders be eligible for rs5 per transaction in barber shop. All barber shops be given swiping card machine Two minutes of silence for Arvind Kejriwal who use to fight elections from rupees note given by beggar from Ghazipur crossing . When BBC criticizes India, know something wo hwhile is happening here 500 and 1000 denomination notes constituted 86 of currency in circulation. 14 currency cant replace 86 currency. FM and PM are lying through their teeth. GDP is predicted to fall for more than qua ers. Purchasing power parity is going to be hit, too As the poor struggle, black money owners are finding variety of ways to save their wealth Bbc in decline stage in India.people now aware about you. And shifting towards and aljazira BBC continuing the life long tradition of false news and propaganda
The labyrinth city forgot. Need more voice for White money. Whether Modi decision right or wrong that second, Now first most impa ant one is the low class,middle class and small buisiness people savings are Must be cosidered as 100 white money only and it must not be declared by goverment as black money. For that we may consider up to 12.5 lacs should not allow as Taxable under black money. The above 2.5 lacs to 12.5 lacs that is 10 lacs kept people account only without out tax as Fixed deposit and it should be released 2lacs after 1year and fu her every year as 2lacs. Please immediately spread this and save Real White money. Also dont forget to raise your voice Regularly against the real white money. Pa time job without investment earn monthly 25000 by working hr. per day from home WhatsApp me type JOB on 8858661050.
Several ATMs have run out of cash and long queues continue outside banks BBC your campaign during elections against Modi failed again your drumming against Trump failed miserably. .your campaign against Putin failed you are loss making media house poking nose and selectively criticising national policies of India. What your agenda BBC? Just shut your pa ial approach shop and bravely appreciate what good and follow the mandate of people, dont try be politician dont try to show you are concerned about issues without showing both sides of your story. I tell you people of India do not appreciate you people of Russia and all those countries against whom you run one sided stories do not accept your stories. Your creditibility is in question now. So be wise and study well go to the grass roots , take some pains to understand true minds of people, ask your repo ers to introspect well if they are following journalistic principles and fair to listen other side of each issue you focus. . It my humble request to all 90 co Indians are Happy about that introduce of new currency on demonstration of old currency Guys, Let decides now itself I wont promotes black money likes taking or giving bribes, doing corruption & tax evasion Love your country, live honestly. You will never feel sad to contribute your share in nation building in the form of Tax money Let have good sta and also do educate about this to ur colleagues, family and friends. Let begin new era from freak Generation The frustration now with peoples is due to the limited periods for replenishing old notes at the same time inability to make purchases of our essential needs medics as traders too facing the brunt. So, think the government should come out with fast track temporary mechanism which will facilitates the hea thumping citizens to make purchases for essential goods from traders shops around the cities by rendering special categorized permits to deposit greater volumes of cash in financial banks in the interest of the peoples grievances In hot day to stand in long is really tough. What if need to go to the toilet? Another q. A total discomfo . I hope PM dont loose his popularity. If the petroleum companies cant reach the payment? The country could come to stand still. Pm should have let the new currency run for awhile and then scrap the old. People who knows the Bank manager, will influence and change. Big investigations will take time to so out. Police will be busy dealing with this matter now too BBC you are relentless as you are making futile effo to disrupt the people by terming the change of process as chaotic, why dont you come out of the Brexit crisis in the first place. Please clean your own backyard before cleaning the world shameless and useless repo ing. It is said the trouble is for 15 days, but note it it is going to be for 15 years, beside regular black money practices. Only currency is changed but black money mechanism is fully intact Its Tughlaq like dream, and its government and Modi version of LetThemEatCake.yesterday I saw long queue outside banks but people who were standing there didnt seems to be yellow light holders.Modi government failure to stop fake currency from entering our nation and now they are harassing common man.Modi you made fools to whole nation and you are good at dive ing attention of people you have 56inch chest despite that every day our soldiers are dying.Modi is biggest failure of all times Modi you will not understand about housewives savings as you yourself forsaken your wife it is always said to select family man as p.m because they know about family.Modi you are hea less and ruthless decision has grater impact on poor people and our housemakers Modi can you give guarantee that there will be no counterfeiting of currency from Pakistan after this Modi what I am talking to you is about family , those families who have marriages what they will do, well you cannot understand family as you dont have your own No East is in trouble because of your Tughlaq dream, are you going to air drop new currency Here the thing you are biggest blot on P.M post and people are suffering when I say people it is poor people your rich friends , I think you already benefited them I wonder if these people take dayoff from their officework. It would be tough for daily wages workerslaborers. They will lose their job to go to bank . With the demonetization of currency and with the death of Havala, the tone pelters of Kashmir, went back to their regular jobs Hahaha OK, it like this. They can stand in queue to get JIO sim but not to deposit their 500 and 1000 Rs notes. Why Indians, why so selfish?. This is gross misuse of power and illgovernance by incompetent modi sarkaar. None of BBC business Indian are more patriotic than the British . BBC stop spreading rumors, dont act like kejriwal, everything is normal, my father is banker,no panic anywhere ppl going to only pa icular bank which is near i saw 10 banks banks have long queue other banks giving change or extra without queues. watch out this space Next to follow crack down on gold and real estate ho ho ho this man sta ed to take tough actions welcome to new India A bloody chai wala is running this nation. What else can expect ?. People better understand what is good them & for that GooDness theY can bear pain & theY will not go bY propaganda WhY r So worried. U concerned for general indian Peoples Or Peoples who become PooR after blackmoney surgical strike. People of Indian are the world most patience people D Jai Hind. WE INDIAN LOVE BBC India AND THANKS THEM FOR SHOWING TRUE NEWS Soumitro Bhattacharyya India has enough banks Cmon lets be serious here. It India Hhhaa hhhaa hhhaa BBC crying for India. we are suppo ing the inconvenience we are great Indians Im sick of these hoarders Now the poor and the middle class have to suffer
It hefty price to pay but is it wo it? Interesting Baby I Love U.
The BBC Justin Rowlatt demonstrates the immediate effect of India shock decision to ban 500 and 1,000 rupee notes. Only Terrorists and their sympathizer , Di Business Men and Di Political Leaders are very Angry People to this great decision well every one else in India are Very Happy With this decision. Wow. Y is it that every time foreign media telecasts india they have to play tabla veenasitar in the background Guys we play guitar drums too . 1st to make available Change and then make whatever changes need to change the mindset of people, then everyone will suppo such change You will find complete positive responses from the common peoples like us. We shall face problems for few days but other peoples have already & very badly affected Goverment Clearly told the 500 and 1000 rupee notes are not tender for exchange. and advised the people to approach Bank, Post Office, and railway Stations. If you are foreigner you can change it at Airpo . and I wonder why you are giving negative publicity to Government of India such economic Reforms. It is done to stop the circulation of Fake Currency which print and circulated in India by Pakistan. You should apologize for your repo ing if you are honest BBC appears last nights annihilation was not complete lesson for you.Your motivated fake journalism lies exposed Han Diep Mitchell Sherman Briana Kingi. History was being made on 9th Nov in India as well Bro t giving 500 ? to buy 20 ? coconut N expect change for that never in ur wildest dreams . watch out this space Next to follow crack down on gold and real estate ho ho ho this man sta ed to take tough actions welcome to new India for thumps up paying 500 bucks lol hahaha even if the money had value ppl wouldnt hav taken it. I dont understand most of the words spoken by the white guy. But there are subtitles when the desi folks talk Justin have you thought how this will effect the tea garden workers since you love Assam?. iss angrez se bde bde economist pde hai hamare desh me jinhone iss step ko suppo kia hai ye faltu ki chiz mt dikha bhai. BBC one more negative repo ing just ignore well if you have bank account deposit it or go on and put them in show case and show that they were once dear Negative repo ing BBC please do your homework well before repo ing such historic move by Indian Government to put stop to black money Such SHAME that you write anything without knowing the facts Only the well todo section of the society, businessmen and people who keeps bundles of currency notes of 500 or 1000 rupees are more worried, because they are not ready to face any inconvenience even for two days. Just go to the villages and ask them they are all readily putting into this inconvenience gladly, because whatever money they are not black money and they can exchange it within couple of days with new notes. Only the fat and well fed who is making fuss about every thing in Metro cities like Delhi. We the ORDINARY people are living in the remote corners are not worried about this temporary set back . Go back UK BBC , make some dumb news rubbish Nonsense Media.
Why do we love and hate different tastes? Hello, friend of mine is neuroendocrinologist at Monash U in Melbourne. He is very interested in your study. He is prominent researcher, check him out. Zane Andrews. Invite him to your study. Youd get some great input
A farm labourer forced to sleep on the road outside AIIMS with his sick son because no guesthouse will accept his money A rickshaw puller afraid of losing his life savings The BBC asks Indians how the currency ban has immediately impacted them. This is just for few days The entire country is ready to bear little inconvenience for great cause BBC is not even national media Dont pick selective few and generalise them as common men The common civilian is fully behind this move . BBC there lot happening in the EUROPEAN Union and Britain. Focus on the issues there, they are bigger and real in nature. Stop running behind selective individuals trying to show how grim things are in India. India is cool and coping well with this temporary inconvenience. So just chill out BBC is known to be biased anyway they pick and choose what they repo they will go to great lengths to show bad in other countries when you have homeless people sleeping on the streets in London why dont they repo that? or the gun crimes and rife drug problems What the bloody role has BBC regarding this? This is quite reforming process in Indian economy Such news are really meant to defame the Nation Why are you so bothered about us? Please stop spreading such small time stories. You would not have even looking at them unless in situation like this. Is this the first time the rickshaw puller you mentioned, facing financial crisis in his life? Where were you when he was facing the previous financial problems? Where I sympathise with the rickshaw puller for his plight, but you , as media platform, are spreading unnecessary chaos. At the end, mind your own economy The question is why they did not open the account under Jan Dhan Yojna when PM wanted to open free account with additional schemes as well. If they were to deposit that money in Bank, they would not be in such mess. I know people will face some inconvinience for few days but this is for the benefit of our country they have to do it I live in London. We really have greater issues. PS50 notes were changed years ago. Country managed. Will manage without EU. Britain has ruled the world and still does in many indirect ways with authority. BUT NOW ITS INDIA, under Naredraji, rule the world. India has the strength and power and UNITY. India is where God incarnates BBC Constantly posting and reposting stories , features aimed at criticising many decisions taken by Modi Govt and being selective to create negative impact. Well I have better story for you. Get back to your London HQ and ask your guys find where Mallya is and how much he has invested there and why he is been given red carpet especially when Indian cou and ED are acting on him. Another story ask your govt why did you give asylum to people like Musharraff and likes. Make another story on UK EU strained relations. Make story on Irish and Scotish who wants independent state these are older than Kashmir issue go back BBC. .quit India. There are ample stories of cooperation from the common Indian public that proves that we are ready to back our government for larger good Please post those too But then that would burn your hea out, isnt it?. By the way if his son was sick hospitals were ordered to accept the old currency notes . BBC please update your knowledge do not try to be revolutionary just for publicity And to make out your point clear I want to tell you that notes are accepted in hospitals and no one pays rickshaw puller Rs500. You are just scam. boycottBBCIndia. BBC bahut bekar channel. 1000 of labours sleep on road daily. But you are big fool of cauli flower. You spread only wrong thinking. Because you are anti national channel. Look at the shamelessness of BBC India how are they spreading wrong hysteria about India. You guyz are selfish and fake Every Indian is suppo ing this bold and decisive decision of PM and you bloody stooges of Leftist are trying to shame our country. Shame on BBC India for spreading fake news Problems are really there in some cases but it will not stay for long period ce ainly . It will blow up the political black money which has been used till date , will give spine braking blow on terror funding and it will lower the price of the essential commodities because the dealers have no way than to sell their huge stock for money as quick as possible as they have lost the huge cash holdings Yeah problems are their but will say it again that these problems will remain only for few days.And true for those who earn their pay hardly this might be hard time.The fact still is it was required action and we should respect rather than blabbing all over personal problems like only they are facing Hospitals take cards Dont talk rubbish if not complaint to Government IT depa ment India is the only country offering balance account for those who has income also See our society has become so much insensitive that they can think of helping without money in tough times This is also time to do reality check what we have become as humans as of now It not nice thing to feed off of mass hysteria. People are panicking, yet no person with an honestly earned note has reason to worry. It not like theyre going to simply take away. Every bank will reissue new currency. Nobody is going to lose their hard earned money Gold price raised from rupees Thi two thousands to rupees Fifty two thousands price indirectly determine price of all commodity, 97 black money turned into gold y, now black money higher labour to exchange money even Bank manager changing money to get bribe 40 of exchanged money , change must be object oriented. Black money business may soon sta with new currency notes, yes billions of rupees may however come to the govt treasury at the cost of left over black money and picking up the hard earned money of billions of poor people Sudden decision, it never was. He said open your bank accounts you asked why? He said declare your income you asked why? He warned you about black money you asked why? He talked about financial inclusion you asked why? He asked to buy paper gold . He talked about Indian ladies purchasing gold you asked why? He gave an answer in single shot Now ask yourself on why asked him why ??. Guys plz focus on story and this is just one which bbc picked. Why is BBC so much eager to put India in bad frame always?? 200 saal kam pad gaye ?. BBC still has the colonial mindset. You can develop Apps for but cannot change the mindset of fake supremacists feeling curious about BBC India team? which channel they were working for before. biased always.
Long before Donald Trump was presidentelect, he was just The Donald larger than life celebrity and real estate tycoon. Donald J Trump congrats President of The United States Uninterested .
The sma est scifi film in years. Let just hope the aliens dont land in America during the next years The sho story was brilliant Cant wait to see this movie .
What to do with all those 500 and 1,000 rupee notes? Indian social media of course has the answer This is the kind of GREAT news the BBC has ultimately found. They will never lose what there in their blood, HATRED The BBC forgot their BREXIT PM visited India yesterday to beg . Abuse???? dude its against Black money holders it was not going back to society anyway plus Rouge countries like Pakistan are making counterfeit currency to fund terrorism in Kashmir when will BBC repo that BBC and the West is so Naive towards INDIA . BBC 2yr old kid. Probably I am insulting kid.They will not make such silly suggestions Go to bank and change these 500 and 1000 notes. Think I will need bigger wallet to carry all those 100 rupee notes, for my next visit?. Hi everyone if you using sma phonelaptop I provide you the best online job without investment. Plz WhatsApp me 91 9763208938. pa time job krke 15000 50000 Rs. FIXED INCOME kmaanaa caahte hai to aaiye DIGITAL INDIA ke is Revolutionary concept se juddiye aur ghr se operate karke laakho kmaaye Duniya ka pehle Zero investtmentt ka international MLM business WORLDWIDE JOIN hone ke lie aap apne phon ke PLAYSTORE meN CHAMPCASH FREE likho aur us app ko apne mobaail meN install kr lo ab app pr click kro aur sign up pr click krke apnii ddittels bhr do. SPONSOR ID puuchegaa vhaaN pr 2644619 , ddaal do is ID 2644619 ko khaalii pepr pr likh leN aage jruu pngegii Complete CHALLENGE aur apna id activate karke business se jud jao. 100 legal income transfered in personal bank account through NEFT once month . Well looks like they killed off Mr gandhi yet again.
Trump vs. Clinton latest updates Results as they come in
Aston Ma in, the car company and emergent lifestyle brand is slated to build new 66storey waterfront tower in downtown Miami.
Britain needs to get real on visas says India nononsense Commerce Minister on BBC HARDtalk. Watch the programme on BBC World News at 15 30 and 20 30 GMT. India must create the economic oppo unities within India to employ these skilled Indian people. The West cannot be meal ticket for the world. We must so our house out When Indians visited England, they were studying to become Barrister and those kinds of things. In the US they are looking for degree in Medicine and Technology. But India has been free country for 70 years now . If the Brahmins had thought of creating resources rather than pontificating, people would have been beelining to study in India. Thanks. She just nailed it Well Done. . Nonesense then what I s your PM doing in India. Great interview . She is getting serious. Well done hats off . Are I dont understand why people in India want to study abroad that also in UK,who ruled us and India for many years why beg them ? Excellent reply by the minister. Hats off Watch Only Video Daily. Online Pa Time Home Job. Earn rs.15000per month. Download WeOne App. Referral ID qxc9j Referral id to join with me Note mobaail nN. meN aap WhatsApp n. ddaale taaki aapke siiniyr aapse sNprk kr ske .
Numbers of voluntary returnees from UK to India are up, says exborders and immigration inspector. phon kreN yaa whatsapp pr smprk kreN 919928743756 smsyaa kaisii bhii ho jdddh se khhtm sirph din meN kyaa aap preshaan hai yaa kisii bhii bhaaii yaa bhin ko paarivaarik yaa prem vivaah smsyaaye hai to sirph ek koNl kiijiye jaisaa caahoge vaisaa paaoge jb khiiN nhii ho kaam to yhaa se le smaadhaan smsyaa hai to smaadhaan bhii hai, hr smsyaa kaa jldii smaadhaan 100 gaarnttii ke saath ASTROLOGY ONLINE koii bhii mslaa ho ek fon koNl pr ghr baitthe hl krvaaye ek koNl aapkii jindgii bdl sktaa hai naamumkin ko mumkin bnaaye jo caahe vo paae idhr udhr naa bhttke kaisaa bhii ho kaam hmse le turnt smaadhaan Contact 919928743756 Every Love Problem Solution, Intercast Love Marriage Specialist, Intercast Love Problem Solution, Divorce Problem Solution, Family Problem Solution, Get Your Love Back By Black Magic, Get YOur Love Back, Get Your Love Back By Hypnotism, Get Your Love Back By Spell, Get Your Love Back, Get Your LOVE Back By Black Spell, Get Your Ex Love Back, Get Your Ex Lover Back, Husband Wife Problem Solution, Husband Wife Problems Solutions, How To Get Your Love Back, How To Get Your Ex Love Back, How To Get Your Ex GirlFriend Back, Get Ex Lover Back, How To Get Your HimHer Back, How To Get Your Ex BoyFriend back, Problem Solution, Love Problem Solution Problem Specialist, Love Marriage Specialist, Love Marriage Problem Solution. whatsapp 919928743756. Watch Only Video Daily. Online Pa Time Home Job. Earn rs.15000per month. Download WeOne App. Referral ID qxc9j Referral id to join with me Note mobaail nN. meN aap WhatsApp n. ddaale taaki aapke siiniyr aapse sNprk kr ske .
How will it affect the election? . Watch Only Video Daily. Online Pa Time Home Job. Earn rs.15000per month. Download WeOne App. Referral ID qxc9j Referral id to join with me Note mobaail nN. meN aap WhatsApp n. ddaale taaki aapke siiniyr aapse sNprk kr ske .
Love triumphs ultimately. Love prevails in both the countries and that why we are here. Pa time job work using your sma phone No investment No registration fee just work 2to hours daily and earn upto 500050000 Contact watsapp 9177507164 Install cPa time job work using your sma phone No investment No registration fee just work 2to hours daily and earn upto 10000monthly easily Contact watsapp 9177507164 install champcash app and enter refer code 6512698. It only happened because the girl was Hindu . phon kreN yaa whatsapp pr smprk kreN 919928743756 smsyaa kaisii bhii ho jdddh se khhtm sirph din meN kyaa aap preshaan hai yaa kisii bhii bhaaii yaa bhin ko paarivaarik yaa prem vivaah smsyaaye hai to sirph ek koNl kiijiye jaisaa caahoge vaisaa paaoge jb khiiN nhii ho kaam to yhaa se le smaadhaan smsyaa hai to smaadhaan bhii hai, hr smsyaa kaa jldii smaadhaan 100 gaarnttii ke saath ASTROLOGY ONLINE koii bhii mslaa ho ek fon koNl pr ghr baitthe hl krvaaye ek koNl aapkii jindgii bdl sktaa hai naamumkin ko mumkin bnaaye jo caahe vo paae idhr udhr naa bhttke kaisaa bhii ho kaam hmse le turnt smaadhaan Contact 919928743756 Every Love Problem Solution, Intercast Love Marriage Specialist, Intercast Love Problem Solution, Divorce Problem Solution, Family Problem Solution, Get Your Love Back By Black Magic, Get YOur Love Back, Get Your Love Back By Hypnotism, Get Your Love Back By Spell, Get Your Love Back, Get Your LOVE Back By Black Spell, Get Your Ex Love Back, Get Your Ex Lover Back, Husband Wife Problem Solution, Husband Wife Problems Solutions, How To Get Your Love Back, How To Get Your Ex Love Back, How To Get Your Ex GirlFriend Back, Get Ex Lover Back, How To Get Your HimHer Back, How To Get Your Ex BoyFriend back, Problem Solution, Love Problem Solution Problem Specialist, Love Marriage Specialist, Love Marriage Problem Solution. whatsapp 919928743756. Watch Only Video Daily. Online Pa Time Home Job. Earn rs.15000per month. Download WeOne App. Referral ID qxc9j Referral id to join with me Note mobaail nN. meN aap WhatsApp n. ddaale taaki aapke siiniyr aapse sNprk kr ske .
The tranquil shepherd tending his flock is cliche of history, turned on its head by dramatic photo from the news this week. BBC Culture takes look. . phon kreN yaa whatsapp pr smprk kreN 919928743756 smsyaa kaisii bhii ho jdddh se khhtm sirph din meN kyaa aap preshaan hai yaa kisii bhii bhaaii yaa bhin ko paarivaarik yaa prem vivaah smsyaaye hai to sirph ek koNl kiijiye jaisaa caahoge vaisaa paaoge jb khiiN nhii ho kaam to yhaa se le smaadhaan smsyaa hai to smaadhaan bhii hai, hr smsyaa kaa jldii smaadhaan 100 gaarnttii ke saath ASTROLOGY ONLINE koii bhii mslaa ho ek fon koNl pr ghr baitthe hl krvaaye ek koNl aapkii jindgii bdl sktaa hai naamumkin ko mumkin bnaaye jo caahe vo paae idhr udhr naa bhttke kaisaa bhii ho kaam hmse le turnt smaadhaan Contact 919928743756 Every Love Problem Solution, Intercast Love Marriage Specialist, Intercast Love Problem Solution, Divorce Problem Solution, Family Problem Solution, Get Your Love Back By Black Magic, Get YOur Love Back, Get Your Love Back By Hypnotism, Get Your Love Back By Spell, Get Your Love Back, Get Your LOVE Back By Black Spell, Get Your Ex Love Back, Get Your Ex Lover Back, Husband Wife Problem Solution, Husband Wife Problems Solutions, How To Get Your Love Back, How To Get Your Ex Love Back, How To Get Your Ex GirlFriend Back, Get Ex Lover Back, How To Get Your HimHer Back, How To Get Your Ex BoyFriend back, Problem Solution, Love Problem Solution Problem Specialist, Love Marriage Specialist, Love Marriage Problem Solution. whatsapp 919928743756. Watch Only Video Daily. Online Pa Time Home Job. Earn rs.15000per month. Download WeOne App. Referral ID qxc9j Referral id to join with me Note mobaail nN. meN aap WhatsApp n. ddaale taaki aapke siiniyr aapse sNprk kr ske . Pa time job at home You can earn $500 5000$month this concept launched in all world .Zero investment How to join this free mlm business 1 Go to play store in your Android mobile and Download CHAMPCASH app in your phone 2 Open Champcash and click sign up with Champcash and submit your details 3 After sign up put Refer id of sponsor 7052498 impo ant write this 7052498 Refer id on paper 4 complete offers from income junction and Earn unlimited More details Whatsapp 917697911142.
What making Delhi gas chamber ? This is rather myopic view of the problem. Farm lands have been burnt to clear the land for winter sowing seasons for substantially long period of time. It common agricultural practise and was not invented yesterday I request both Delhi & Central Governments, pls something for the health of people Stop it. All seculars nd non hindhus should be tears on hindhus for celebrating diwali will be cause of pollution Shame of seculars nd islamists. Sorry wrong typing. the fastest and cheapest way to prepare land for the following crop ,. The Delhi govt is blind ?. nowadays farmers are using high breed varieties of grain. So earlier grains are for human consumption and rest of the dried pa of grains known as Bhusaa Tuud , consumed by Domestic animals. But Animals refuse to eat this high variety waste Bren. Farmers has no other idea what to do with it. so they sta burning. They cant keep it anywhere it attract termites . More dangerous. Though Farmers are baking their land, loosing natural fe ility of land This need to stop immediately And some idiots said it because of diwali Thank you First time the true pic is shown. Stop this nonsense Abhinav Gupta dekhooo was right . The farmer can collect it but there is no machine for collecting the waste of paddy If government will give it then we are ready to use it. Nupur Jalindre Rishikesh Ranade Real reason Anishaa Paul Aswati Sreenivasan Robin Varghese.
For some it career boost. For others it to be avoided at all costs.
A rowing crew is mapping one of Ea longest rivers for Google Street View. Always wanted to go on Mississippi cruise.
In the boilinghot acidic springs of Yellowstone National Park, there lives an alga. To stay alive in this deadly place, it has used an unexpected trick.
Leave the children alone Pakistan backed terrorists want little kids to pelt stones at the army and use them as human shields. But any educated kid with common sense will never do that. That why they have reso ed to this despicable act why you people are blaming pakistan??? india is terrorist state.the example of Gujraat and the innocent kashmiri kids who lost their lives and eyes,are they terrorist????. indian govt set schools on fire.now stop blaming neighbor foolish and idiot nation.Instead of deploying about laks army in IOK ,u even dont who did it?shame on ur intelligence lol.free kashmeer. Either Hindu or Islam, either Quran or Vedas all they teach is to love and pay respect to man kind so why this rivalry. Education is the development of own nation so think about it R you kidding ,you dont know who This why people say Mediasucks Mediacomedy mediajoke media noise only ,. its indian secret agencies who are behind all this mess who are making the crimes by burning the school by destroying the kids life ,should be badly punished and this is not the good act and the police has to find the the victims Question Who is burning schools in Kashmir? Answer In last 100 days 1. Who burnt down paddy fields ? 2. Who destroyed motor bikes and cars? 3. Who destroyed apples in Kashmir? 4. Who destroyed electricity transformers? 5. Who destroyed civilian homes in Kashmir? 6. Who killed 12 year old students? Answer is so easy . The sons of poor headmasters. Islam is religion of peace so goto to school children its religion of peace Shame say to islam is religion of peace do this type of acts. Pakistani funded militias. Shame on them. Peace of religion on the strike. . Army nd police burning schools so that people blame on hurriyat Hurruiat followers. ? This Is For ARNABH GOSWAMI If He Has The Competence COURAGE & Conviction MUST HE COME UP WITH Duly Verified DATA ABOUT State Of GUJARAT W.r.t. ALL OF THE ISSUES He INTENDS To RAKE ABOUT State Of UTTAR PRADESH??? He Surely WONT ??? Because That Would Be Like Exposing 15 YEARS Of Non performance By Ms BJP GUJARAT STATE Government, Majorly Headed By Sh ND MODI By Drawing Comparison, Against YEARS Of Unprecedented ACCOMPLISHMENTS By Ms SAMAJWADI PA Y Government In The STATE Of UTTAR PRADESH JAI HIND JAI BHARAT .
The answer to one of the biggest questions of all. Six Chapters, DNA, RNA, TNA, PNA, CNA, LNA and still did not answer the question, How life began on Ea ? The oldest known fossils are 3.7 billion years old, found recently Who knows in next century, one might find fossil 4.5 billion old The deep oceans or forest are yet to be explored completely, new species are discovered every day, we are yet to completely understand human body or even human brain. Some questions will not find answers ever I always adore everything like this .
Your monthly reading list is here
I thought if I somehow built toilet at home, it would save me lot of trouble
What an annoying issue in your daily life that makes you want to scream? Are you experiencing an irritating problem in your city, in your neighbourhood, or maybe in your family? Were working on new World Service programme that tries to find ways to fix everyday problems around the world. Tell us what going on, how it affects your life, and well try to find solution. If you dont want to post here, drop an email to sam.bright Majority of the Worlds resources being wasted by minority bhakts big problem Pls comeup with some allout killer like. have problem dont know how to express my feelings and cant express my feelings becoz cant trust anyone. My problem is more than tongue can Tell. The first one contry.
Donald Trump is pinning his hopes of winning the US presidential election on pulling off Brexitstyle shock could he do it? It is amazing to me that the issue of Donald Trump not releasing his tax returns essential info for voters isnt much bigger?. I dont think so. Trump is like Modi, big liar, big propaganda master. Since BJP came to power the Terror attacks and tensions in the border is increased, because Modi is following Pakistan Politician policy. Pakistan governments always create tensions in Border and in Kashmir to cover up their corruption and inability to run the government. Modi is also created these border tensions and Kashmir Terror attacks to cover up his governments inability to run the government. His inability to fulfill any of the promise he offered. His inability to contro the sangh parivar from killing Dalits and Minorites. His ianblities to control the corporates from looting. His inability to fill the Cou with sufficient Judges. We have sho age of nearly 50 judges, because nobody is coming forward to take up that position in fear. Because BJP tapping all sitting Judges phones and emails and threatening them when ever they are going to take an action against their BJP and Sangh Parivar members or followers
Delhi Diwali hangover Thanks to diwali, I dont have any mosquitos in my house anywhere. Happy Diwali That okay for day or two, let not encourage posts like this from pseudo secular media. Next in line is Holi please dont waste water. correct?. 1. This was quieter and subdued Diwali as compared to previous years. People were definitely more pollution conscious this year. 2. Delhi faces smog all throughout the winters, and well into the sta of the summer season too, and that because of vehicular pollution and dust. 3. The weather has been gloomy and smoggy since the sta of last week. 4. Just how many of these tweeters use public conveyance and try and reduce vehicular traffic, is debatable. 5. If you think few hours wo of cracker burning on one day, compares with the kind of pollution that generated through dust, vehicular emissions, leaf burning etc throughout the year, you need better perspective. Stop finding reasons to hate on festivals. Sta becoming more environmentally conscious and reduce your carbon footprint throughout the year. Oh, and not all of us fall for repo like these, even when they come from the venerable Beeb. Were right here, at ground zero, and situation aint that bad yet Hey BBC angry Indians also tweet in slaughter of millions of animals on Bakraeid , countless number of trees chopped up in Christmas Did you know cattle industry is single handedly responsible for almost 20 of global carbon foot print Now Govt has to find out who is happy and who angry.Is festival of lights using diya or sound fury.All irds flew away to nearby Sanjay Gandhi park. No birds sound at all.Even dogs got scared disappeared from the streets. Alas human being cant go anywhere from Diwali fire sound and smoke bbc is always at the head of the line to write criticizing icles against india if it was one day thing then it would have been ok but what we see is crackers being burst even weeks after actual diwali is over throughout the nation so its not only 1 day thing Also it should be Fogg which is sta ed in Delhi and Gurgaon as its Winter season If I am wrong then share days before pic for the same time . If Rs 100 was contributed out of the expenditure of crackers to the Military or whatever fund the collection would have been in crores wonder why they are complainingthey are the ones who go buy loads of crackers, help in polluting the airTHEN COMPLAIN what fake society we live in. . Its high time that such utterly harmful practise must put to rest Nobody can blame administration and govt for this.People fired crackers , polluted the air May be less people played this crackers way but the pollution level was the same . Blood red rivers elsewhere are perfectly fine for the environment very nourishing indeed sickularism. Why people do not post not to use Ac at home or office ??? It is polluting environment daily. Ek din patake se jyada dikkat ho jati hai ?? Diwali is for celebration, kisi ka matam ni mana rahe Is this festival of light or festival of noise and smoke? Where this stupid tradition of bursting crackers came from? How did Hindus use to celebrate Diwali before crackers were invented? I think these noisy crackers destroy the spirit of Diwali. Govt should ban crackers and promote noise free Diwali What negative icle again by BBC, why you are against our tradition? Have ever shared news like this on Christmas and New year?. it happen not only on delhi , you can see all major cities in India. Chennai got more smoke than Delhi Diwali is over now we will talk on this topic next year. It seems the sole agenda of BBC is to repo negatively aabout India and prove it intolerant shame on you all first look into your country and then talk about India.
How first class is changing.
The eeriest island in the world?
Infants as young as 18 months can be initiated into Buddhist orders.
The strange history of taxidermy.
What did Indians think about Trump attempt to speak Hindi? We spoke to few people in Delhi to find out Yes this is an example of Yellow journalism. Shame BBC, you did same thing against Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and Indian National Army, but you cant restrict India freedom. East or West,India is great Very bias repo ing , I am aware trump wont win but should be ashamed of your one side repo ing , he made attempt that it . interviewed all those who are called crooked dimwitted liberals , who are nothing but unliked and most hated in india Ha ha ha atleast there is something in Modi and India that now even Presidential candidate in U.S. has to appease Indians These politicos seems to have some common genes . Very predictable repo from biased media Cant expect more than this D. Trump knows only Hindus are dumb and radical enough to suppo him for they brought Modi the Maniac to power in India. He is loved by indians because of common hate of them against Muslims No way this scum bag goes to white house obviously. What does Trump mean by Hindu and India?. . Ghar ghar trump BBC not showing the truth Hillary paid media BBC. phon kreN yaa whatsapp pr smprk kreN 919928743756 smsyaa kaisii bhii ho jdddh se khhtm sirph din meN kyaa aap preshaan hai yaa kisii bhii bhaaii yaa bhin ko paarivaarik yaa prem vivaah smsyaaye hai to sirph ek koNl kiijiye jaisaa caahoge vaisaa paaoge jb khiiN nhii ho kaam to yhaa se le smaadhaan smsyaa hai to smaadhaan bhii hai, hr smsyaa kaa jldii smaadhaan 100 gaarnttii ke saath ASTROLOGY ONLINE koii bhii mslaa ho ek fon koNl pr ghr baitthe hl krvaaye ek koNl aapkii jindgii bdl sktaa hai naamumkin ko mumkin bnaaye jo caahe vo paae idhr udhr naa bhttke kaisaa bhii ho kaam hmse le turnt smaadhaan Contact 919928743756 Every Love Problem Solution, Intercast Love Marriage Specialist, Intercast Love Problem Solution, Divorce Problem Solution, Family Problem Solution, Get Your Love Back By Black Magic, Get YOur Love Back, Get Your Love Back By Hypnotism, Get Your Love Back By Spell, Get Your Love Back, Get Your LOVE Back By Black Spell, Get Your Ex Love Back, Get Your Ex Lover Back, Husband Wife Problem Solution, Husband Wife Problems Solutions, How To Get Your Love Back, How To Get Your Ex Love Back, How To Get Your Ex GirlFriend Back, Get Ex Lover Back, How To Get Your HimHer Back, How To Get Your Ex BoyFriend back, Problem Solution, Love Problem Solution Problem Specialist, Love Marriage Specialist, Love Marriage Problem Solution. whatsapp 919928743756.
Chinmayi Sripaada The woman who stood up to cyberbullies Why should these laws be restricted to women alone, even men get trolled for many things and they also have legal rights to fight these trollers who vi ually misbehave with any person. What was the reason why was she bullied, not every women or girl in the net is bullied Brave girl. Bless you. Take care god bless you. God bless you. Somdatta Ghosh
Wild seeds that could save civilisation.
A picture speaks thousand words? Hmmm I couldnt expect from better then this from BBC India Britishers still hate Indian to the core for there defeat. Slavery mindset is real problem in India. . Shame, on democracy . BrainDead.
Our social media activity can give extraordinary and often unintentional insights into our mental wellbeing.
Read Swadha story here Sad story, but I guess you can never know why the mother abandoned her child like this, there is always reason for those who sit and judge her. However what beautiful baby, love to adopt if I could . The parents and Inlaws brainwash the femalesmothers so bad against having girls that mother does this. I dont think any mom is able to do this happily. The society has pressurized females in India so much. Shame India shame. Honestly, it is so sad my hea cries for this little angel. But she is strong and will definitely find great loving home. God Bless you . Humans are stupid all children are suffering like this they have not done any mistake people bought them to world and leaving as orphans are cruel we have to make strict laws to punish the people I wish I could adopt her. I think that the mother was rapped or just didnt want the baby, but she didnt have to leave it there to die My hea goes out to this little life. How can someone be so soulless . How can parents done such non sense thing they born child with pain dumped in dust bin hw their hea ready to do sch thing. salute to that police officer Jai Hind Dear Hospital or BBC am ok to adopt the baby give her new Life pls contact me. God save this child. love to adopt if I could. God bless the child. Jai Shree Ram Baby should taken care of Yar watever the reason bt how mother can abandoned her child. God bless you. . Such Cute baby God bless baby plssssss.
So how could we ever possibly hope to live there? .
Will Clinton or Trump win the US election? Play this game and make your call. Either ways US & the world is screwed,irrespective of who wins the election I really dont like Trump at all but I must admit He is goin to Win this one. Hope Clinton wins . who cares. Hillary Clinton for sure. Hilary Clinton. Clinton , trump is fool. Mrs. Clinton. Mrs. Clinton Go through wikileaks you will get the ans. . Only trump. Hilary Clinton. Hilary. It war with Russia. Trump. US gets really down.
How real is this threat? A message for Prince Harry & Barack Obama by Pakistani celebrity Omg
The plan to bury library in mine. . .
Twoheaded monsters that really exist. .
Meet group of women in no hern India who are leading movement to stop wearing the veil. BBC didnt see triple talaq, burqa & polygamy but veil. No wonder the former are practiced in the religion of peace and its crime to say anything against the religion of peace I suppo these women. I feel sorry for men who need such form of respect to feel like men or in charge. Obviously they have long way to go to overcome their fear of women . Excellent India is rising but the Saudi and other Muslim still want their women in burkhas and if they disobey whip them or behead them I strongly suppo these women. And men who dominate women should know one thing, we hate you and will never respect you the world is changing and you need to change too. Respect is gained and not forced What will be left of our culture ? If we stop burning widows? If we stop honor killings? If we stop making women veil themselves? The better pa s, I would imagine. That what would be left Why dont they make similar sho film on how the sho ski the Scottish pied piper men are forced to wear is backward and so very 16th century ? It creates identity crisis in men regarding their gender, for sta ers. Referendum or not, there can be no progress in the country of Scotland if the hamlets dont progress. The ski make the men inside them invisible. My point is, who gives these charlatans BBC the right to critique any culture but their own Bbc want some subjects to equalise triple talaq and polygamy. So they brought up with veil. Anyway, the practice of wearing veil should stay away from our custom Yeah well, the veil is voluntary. OTOH, let see if BBC has the courage to do such grassroots repo ing on the Burka clad ninjas, who have to wear it without choice, here or in their own country. Dont make it veil purdah debate. One thing at time and more power to these women. A veil can never be choice if someone wears it, it due to conditioning or because she forced to none of the muslims are forced to wear it our religion which we respect wearing viel is not hard task it just ua mindset which makes to think that we forced to wear all it our wish to cover face or not but yes necessary to cover body wear burqa hijab. Though China has much large population than India, vast majority of Chinese women, in rural and urban areas, achieves greater social and economic status than their counterpa in India. Why?. im from this kind of villages where these customs still survive and the veil ghunghat where you dont have to do all the time its only when the lady is married and she is with in her in laws house or in front of husbands relatives unlike muslims where you have to wear burkha all day long doesnt matters you are married or not almost from the age of 12 girls are forced wear hijab and cover their face. veil over the head is fine. Women do that while they are in front of their nlaws and while visiting temples. Covering whole face is something I have seen only in some moviestv shows which are set in Rajasthan or Harayana. I have never seen anyone around me who do that When education employment of women improves, veils will go down naturally. Educating their daughters, ther wud change in mindset of fathers automatically. If still, some men stubborn reg dis, then ther shud revolt. From time immemorial, men had to fight against social conditons, women had to fight against family social conditions, especially when they belong to socially lower castes. But times gradually changing which only due to education employment everything can be done with in the limit , in control . your limit and control yourself is the last word in the word to you. for that you dont need to listen others word and but your maintain yourself is the best for you. now it is your concept what is you?? we know best ourselves for it no need have to clarify others thought think best and do best and do what is mind say that you are true from hea then nothing can need to maintain that is the last word for person . Kudos to BBC for this coverage The Indian media should cover these meaningful matters rather than the fights going on between politicians and pa ies. Great. When can we have Catholic as British Prime Minister? He can be in India today. Where are the investigative journalists espousing the cause of the Catholics in this primitive British society?. South Asia keeps referring to erosion of culture when it comes to questioning many of these backward practices. But when questioned no one knows what the meaning of culture in context is Our Society is Changing See the ve side of the story. Every thing will look Cool. Women are waking up If women want to wear veil let them. If they do not want to wear veil let them. It is ad simple as that. Men should understand and behave properly and not harass them Hinduism never asks any woman to cover her head or face with ghungat or veil. This practise is only found in region ruled by Mughals This is just an example how our culture has been contaminated by centuries of foreign rulers. The only exemption to this fact is in Dese area of Rajasthan where they cover their head to escape the sun down with veil not even over the head we tamils do not allow women to put cloth over their heads even if it is sunny as we consider it aa bad. The men need to wear those veils, too, then Make them wear it for full year to see the inconvenience of them I know they wont, but geese . Why are they translating the word Purdah into veil in English? The headscarfs or dupattas that the women in the film are wearing, both Muslim and Hindu women, are also called veils in English. This makes the whole repo very confusing for English speakers. They are talking about Purdah, in terms of covering the face or living in seclusion from men this is in Muslim culture and the Ghoonghat that some married Hindu, Jain, and Sikh wear to cover their head, and often their face. The correct word in the translation should be faceveil which gives the whole repo different meaning. It also makes sense that Hindu and Muslim women in headscarfsveils are making the comments with their headscarfsveils on
Police also detained two boys accused of repeatedly beating their classmate So the incident makes headlines only if the student is of specific caste. Super Ashamed. Finally . .
Oscar Wilde revolutionary prison love letter.
Many pointed out that being refugee was not choice . I thought that she is the best talented actress with liberal thought but her hidden image came out that she is racist looking her benefits only I wishes you dont be like the racist minds of our country leaders keeps up your uniqueness value Too young to take risk and mature to understand how it works . Did she forget that she refugee herself, trying to find films in US as migrated indian??. She is glorifying the name of our country Its call fame D. . She suppo Pakistan Actors working in India DumbB tch.
Progress in finding alternative treatments for infection has been slow. Every antibiotic in use today is derivative of drug discovered before 1984. Everybody is busy earning Money. Are you free to earn? Download WeOne App your Mobile from playstore or appstore and fill refer code mgwse Earn Money by just watching ads daily paise kmaane kaa sunhraa maukaa ab aap apne mobaail meN WeOne App Play Store se download krke roj ads 3mints me dekhkr 15000 ? se laakh ? i kmaa skte hai der kre aaj hii Register kre REFER CODE me ddaale 9j5zy Whatsapp 9815426320.
This ist has spent the last two years looking for the internet. Now she sees it wherever she goes.
An informal ban on moral grounds and confusion with abo ion pills means that it is next to impossible to find emergency contraceptive pills in the city. via Scroll
The stones that represent the dead.
The blue in Chefchaouen only sta ed 20 years ago. I dont think so. Ritaban Ghosh This is the one I meant
The electric car that you never have to charge . PA TIME ONLINE WORK WITHOUT ANY INVESTMENT NO REGISTRATION FEES REQUIRED EARN 200300$ RS DAILY WITHOUT INVEST A SINGLE RUPEE WORKING HOURS PER DAY FOR MORE INFORMATION TYPE JOIN AND WHATSUP US ON THIS NUMBER 919996523245 OR MESSAGE ME MY FACEBOOK INBOX.
How did we manage to get from point A to B before GPS and navigation apps?
The latest breaking news and more each morning at your finge ips
In the age in which NASA can monitor and operate rover on Mars tens of millions of kilometres from Ea h, and sma phones can receive realtime traffic updates, why cant we track the location of commercial airliners in real time, or stream the data black boxes record back to the ground? if you lost connection, how will you record the real time conversation. And flight data?. EVERY COCKPIT OF AIRCRAFT OR SHIPS MUST HAVE A RUNNING VIDEO RECORDING ALL EVENTS HAPPENING DURING A FLIGHT OR TRIP MONITORED BY ATC OR AIR TRAFFOC SECURITY SAFETY OF PEOPLE R MORE IMPO ANT THAN PRIVACY OF PILOTS MOBILE COMMUNICATION BY PASSENGERS MUST BE ALLOWED ON ALL FLIGHTS ITS RIDICULOUS NOT TO ALL WW2 OUTDATED PROCEDURES BEING FOLLOWED TODAY
Panic about Jayalalitha health has Tamil Nadu on edge. . Im not going to do with it for nv.
India dish that unites and divides. Food only unites British divides
How beavers will reshape Britain.
From sexy Western with robots to Dutch cyberthriller to the return of Black Mirror, you should make time for these programmes.
Some retailers are promoting Christmas as early as September.
The spot in the very middle of the ocean.
There good reason why we find some foods so addictive as the video below explains.
A forgotten underground world.
Your mustwatch monthly movie list is here Masoom Vyas This too .
How lives are changing for the residents of Chennai Asia Detroit More at The village must be close to Oragadam, once no man land now very busy junction. Nearly 15 years back, I travelled by car frequently on these Roads and it wore dese ed look. For many kilometres only my car was on the Road before spotting car or bus. No one would have imagined that this place would undergo such tremendous transformation 10 years down the line. Thanks to the political regime that helped to transform this whole area benefiting the locals with jobs and improving their livelihoods Proud to be chennaitie.
Can the mosquito terminator train wipe out Delhi fever epidemic? Any single move cant be the end of line for such diseases. Great to see the govt coming up with new way which most ce ainly will be effective to an extent. The community itself has to take steps to achieve cleanliness too doubt very much but we appreciate any effo to get rid of these pests. That good move appreciated. Ak seems to be the epidemic or is it aap. . Guys get the spray gun heavy duty this will help lot not by throwing one area.
The Ministry of Utmost Happiness will be published in June 2017. Who cares we now have chetan bhagat and amish. Became intolerent towards anti_nationals . Buy Indian and read Indian Ammi ka promotion badde ache se kar rhe ho BBC . God of medium things?. BBC promoting Lol . Grace Tahhan .
It dangerous here. We heard people say that on TV WHY DO THEY HAVE TO LEAVE DONT THEY HAVE FAITH IN THE Indian Army dont go. its called evacuation by the instructions of government. presstitutes for reason. Indian and pakistan you need live together as brotherssisters and good neighbours They dont trust there army. Safety measures. ITS Not ABOUT TRUST AS FAR I Can THINK THERE IS Not Going TO BE ANY WAR ALL THIS HAPPINING DEW TO PUNJAB ELECTION IN 2017 CAUSE PM MODI AND SAD ABOUT TO FACE A HISTORICAL LOSE
.Amitabh Bachchan If she gets paid more than me, that fine. Kashmir belong to India and Junagadh Gujrat Hyderabad Belong to Pakistan just for the sake of Accession piece of paper against the will of Public
The BBC travels to the Pakistan side of the Line of Control in Kashmir Pakistan Surgical strike is fake India How? Pakistan Do you have any picture or Video evidence? India We went for surgical strikes, not for bollywood film shooting Madarssachhap Pakistan Then how can you see our terrorist camps in Night? India We have technological development, we used Ca osat A, Ca osat B2 Pakistan What rubbish, we dont heard these type of weapons, dont threat us with your weapon, we have F15 and Nukes India Those are not weapons madarasaachhap, those are satellites Pakistan First build toilets in your country India We already created world largest toilet in the year 1947 which is named as Pakistan. Porkistani say their was no surgical strike . 2 Pakistani say we killed of your soldiers . 3 Pakistani say we killed 14 of your soldiers . 4 Porkistani say we captured one of your soldiers . The variation in statements just show the dark future of Porkistan and Porkistan . Where as we Indians have statement we crossed and killed of your pig soldiers and 38 of your terrorist pigs , because we did it and not made statement without even doing it like Porkistan . Video will be released soon . jy hiNd . Pakistan will never accept it and its India strength bcuz the day pak accepts it it will accept being the biggest terror state as well Stupid. 70 million peoples have no proper food in India. Most of the peoples are poor in India. Mostly people died because of drinking desi and cheaper vine. Most of the youngsters are job less. Millions of poor peoples have no toilet, Peoples paid money for using Toilet. Google declared Modi no stupid prime Minister and Politician. Google also declared India Namak Haram Country. Hahahahahah This is real India This video is the big humiliation and tight slap on the indian military face who created this surgical strike fiasco and fooled the people of India BBC please share the news where visited Pakistan after Osama killing place Go Nawaz Go If ready so why ur government sending almost 30 girls to India shame on Fuckistan . First pakistan denies any surgical strike by india. Then they threaten that if anything like this occurs again then india will regret it. Any logic The have fooled the world for long and are expe in doing so Why dont you come and check on the Indian side too BBC India??. BBC is very biased always they try to suppo Pakistan and against India Im loosing respect with bbc. 226 Pakistan coward soldiers ran away Pakistan cou marshaled thm all need more proof. BBC was lazy otherwise Washington post and NewYork Times was able to interview locals Pakistan Surgical strike is fake India How? Pakistan Do you have any picture or Video evidence? India We went for surgical strikes, not for bollywood film shooting Madarssachhap Pakistan Then how can you see our terrorist camps in Night? India We have technological development, we used Ca osat A, Ca osat B2 Pakistan What rubbish, we dont heard these type of weapons, dont threat us with your weapon, we have F15 and Nukes India Those are not weapons madarasaachhap, those are satellites Pakistan First build toilets in your country India We already using our toilets since 1947 which is named as Pakistan jaihind. If Kashmir Belong to India Then Gujrat Hyderabad Junagadh belong to Pakistan, Change of power in Pakistan with brave Pakistani will take these states pakistani side is completely normal. With the help of friendly UK & BBC, both Pak and India will get back to peace, resolving minor irritants There no doubt that BBC is there in POK just to add some fuel to already existing volatile situation BBC and Pakistan stil better love story than Osama and Jihad first tolits then war. no tension on pakistani side we ready give responc to india.
Living on the Roof of the World. We have ancient Trade Trails as well, barely understood.
From Margaret Atwood take on The Tempest to history of Camus The Stranger, these are the ten titles that should sit on your shelf.
Getting the golden years right.
The hidden forces shaping your IQ.
Mining disaster The animals are not at fault. Human activities world wide has resulted into damage to the environment globally and humongous loss of both flora and fauna. Its high time to ensure sustainable development as ea belongs as much to animals as to us MODI GOVT UNDER PIYUSH GOYAL IS ON HIGH DECIBELS FOR POWER GENERATION BUT LOW ON SAFETY OF WORKERS AUTOMATION AND ROBOTICS IS THE BEST WAY OUT SYSTEM IN COAL MINES R MEDEIVAL PIYUSH GOYAL IS LEAST CONCERNED CATBON SCRUBERS NEEDS TO COME IN A BIG WAY IN POWER PLANTS TO REDUCE CARBON FOOT PRINT BALCO IS THE WORST PLACE TO LIVE GROSS.
An obsession that transcends isolation.
The red sand boa is protected species and looks like it has two heads because its tail is shaped like its head to help it defend itself. Oh really? fascinating for thee less educated, when it means thee missing millionaire from wolverhampton ,uk, why such delays there by thee Police with sarcasm of course. Siddhesh Jadhav double engine hahahahaha epic days untold story of our collage days . . Gang??? What was that snake into drug dealing . . . But pray through one head.
The Tamil film Visaranai is gritty crime drama on human rights violations. Look who is talking about Human Rights violation The British era which has blood stains still on their hands for The Kenyan Camps The Cyprus Internment The Amritsar Massacre Aden To ure Centers The Boer Concentration Camps etc etc. .
Deep in lab in Cambridge, England, you will find tiny, exact replicas of the human brain growing in petri dish.
A singer who performed belly dance in front of Russian mosque draws backlash.
The hidden wildlife of New York City.
Abida lives in Indianadministered Kashmir in village that is just 2km away from the border with Pakistan. She told the BBC about what life is like on the frontiers. I have been observing stories spread by BBC about India especially sensitive issues are biased and one sided. Why dont you make program on families of thousands of army personnel who were killed by terrorists and the role of local people? Please stop this one sided propaganda and follow journalistic ethics. Cover other side of the stories else you will loose credibility from Indian as well as global viewers She was very positive. She just hoped for peaceful resolution of issue and dint take sides. Hope you plea is heard by all the stake holders and the govts of both sides. Yes , Kashmir is an integral pa of India. But , do we want our own people to suffer? If Kashmir wants to be ruled by laws framed by their own leaders , so be it. As long as they remain pa of India. One has to understand that it is Muslim majority region and they want it to be in ce ain way. I dont eat beef and even if I want , my parents wouldnt mind. Im practising Hindu and I dont mind people around me eating beef as long as it doesnt affect me She said Our Pakistan stress on the word our meaning her own country is kilometres away and I am scared for my life when I go to school. This person would not receive schooling in the country she claims allegiance to, which seems to be regular rhetoric in Kashmir these days bbc you guys are so stupid you always show India in bad light and spread rumours like grow up India is the next emerging superpower and whatever is happening in Kashmir is bcoz of terrorist groups like Jem and lashker and many more which are all suppo ed by pakistani army and isi. my dear bbc its not Indianadministered Kashmir its kashmir which belongs to India. Its not colonial rule by your so called queen Elizabeth. Its my kind request plz increase your GK. As you are International media so it will be good for you. There are few critical issues here. Firstly peace is matter of choice. It doesnt happen by chance. One side cant blow hot and cold and expect India to react only when our soldiers are killed. Secondly this has Been going on for the last 60 plus years. What have we done other than silently watch one major section of the Kashmiris flee their own land. Now the remaining majority through sheer ignorance of the hard facts blame thier own motherland India. Not knowing that Pakistan is not free state and they have vested interests in Kashmir. Lastly what is the guarantee that the voice is Kashmiri and the content timing location etc could be cooked up today the people of not only kashmir but also india and pakistan public are think of their nation. India is rapidly developing in all areas and people needs peace peace. BBC can positively suggest thinks for improvement. Today kashmir Pandits and muslims think of peace only. Stop projecting as India administered Kashmir because Kashmir is pa of India and will always remain same ,We care for our brothers and sisters more than You BBC ,I hope the peace talks resume soon ,. My village is also on border and I have felt that fear when suddenly firing sta ed was hitting the tree next to my home I cant forget that night that was first time when got stuck in my village had to spent night in home and can see India from the roof of my home This what Kashmir Pandits have been asking for years but all these people are deaf to it. Now it is on them so they know what it is to suffer. It is not that anyone wants them to suffer. Not at all. But they should be fair to everyone. BBC is at its game of fanning the divide and rule theory. I agree with Rajiv Shah. I listened to Kashmir issue debat this morning and it was cleverly biased giving the impression that India was at fault. There is something going on. This BBC is the real snake why our world is what it is. Hope God is watching Hope will always be for best Abida m sure that one day will live free and happy life India and pakistan should settle the issue in peacefull way not by guns and wars peaceforbothcountries. I wonder what those 700 thousand indian army personnel doing when terrorists from Pakistan enter and carryout such attacks and then they think to attack Pakistan with this army . I miss my redhead girlfriends of Bararipora village in Uri. I hope the Sufi family of Uri continue the winter living in Purkul village, behind DIT university. Dehradoon city and Doon valley. 12 hour trip, Dehradun to Jammoo, Direct bus is still working. Sufi loves all, Wahabhi kills all, spares none. Why ? Humanity GBLJK Himalaya . dont cover only kashmir, cover POK and Baloch BBC should be unbiased but recently we are observing you are repo ing has pro pak but I believe what the girl has told is right living in border districts especially in kashmir is challenge we sympathize with her but this mischief is done from the other side. At least She is able to go school college, just think about POK and Baluchistan people BBC India make some documentary on them they are being to ured daily. then upload you one sided brain Indian army is violating the basic human right of Kashmiris the only thing they want is Freedom and FreeKashmir, just sikh ruler of past cannot decide the faith of Kashmir Referendum was done in every pa of Pakistan but india illegally occupied many lands Kashmir Hayderabad ManiPur Nagaland Khalistan and many other Princely state are occupied by india, But we only talk of Kashmir because its unfinished business of 1947, this is their struggle and those calling Freedom Fighters Terrorist will understand when they no longer have their freedom. Free kashmir country who is made friend of USA always found in trouble. Now Indians are in shittt type friendship pakistan already suffrered due to Americans. Peaceful talks India tried many times to talk peaceful but our neighbour pretend to be our friend very innocent during day show their true colours atnight India has been trying peaceful talks from last 70 year. they never cried for peace and relief when their family member were killing thousands of kashmiri hindu pandits This news is about humanity.why we think abt Indian or kashmiri or pakistani instead of human?pain of each kashmiri citizen should be the pain of each human Shame on you BBC India for fudged and incorrect repo ing and spreading lies on this Channel. Shame on U than ask pakistan to move away from our land as simple as that this is our land and we cant give it sorry . Issue will only resolved when Pakistan hand over remaining pa of Kashmir called as POK to India. N borders will always have army jst what u. People trying to Project She can very well get married hop across to her Pakistan . Now let stop all these Oh god please perform some miracles to reunite India and pakistan and make it one nation as it was before 1947 Enough is enough Please God do some thing to stop these blood shed .
Two men have been cleared of the murder of 15yearold Scarlett Keeling, who was found dead on beach in Goa in 2008. The BBC earlier spoke to her mother Fiona MacKeown about her daughter. More on the verdict here Scarlett case is just one of many there are also the stories of Denyse Sweeney, Stephen Bennett, Andy Rodick, Felix Dahl, Caitanya Holt and others Men accused of killing British teen Scarlett Keeling acquitted, mother says she will appeal decision . None of the cases were ever investigated fully and some are still in trial. We, the families of the victims keep fighting for justice for our lost loved ones in Goa. Every season there are more such cases, which the authorities in Goa seem to ignore completely. If the case makes it to the cou the guilty are acquitted. There is no justice in Goa for anyone pathetic. Shame on India. I may face arrest for this comment, but SHAME . That Indian jurisdiction . Shame on Indian Jurisdiction .
One of Europe most affordable cities?
I want to kill him the way he killed her mother of Delhi stabbing victim demands justice for her daughter. Read more There were so many ppl passed by, no one even tried to help her,shame on those ppl. Now every one will go for candle march and all But at the main time no one reacted am really shocked,how that can happen in daylight while ppl passing,how come ? how those indians?it is very shame,RIP india men Delhi has two masters and criminals answerable to none This is really very sad. we need to raise our voice against it Shame on those peoplebdelhi is not safe for girls. Hit the man to death let the crowd thrash him to death, or break some bones in his body Very sad this should not be left with only likes shares action needs to be taken. She should get justice. He should get the same pain . May she rest in peace. May the killer gets chopped in pieces.
A flight attendant reveals the best place to sit on plane. If india Tries crossing The Red line on the LOC , our reply will be historic GenRaheelSharif Meanwhile in pakistan , The defenders of pakistan Towards the borders for the Security of Mother Land . Ill go in the middle in the event of an emergency, I wont be the first or the last to perish . On the seat preferably Sit in front so that you arrive earlier. First class. I will drieve want wont ,bcz you put me inflont ,ok. I will drieve want wont ,bcz you put me inflont ,ok.
Why do we cheat? Its type of relaxation or what .
Pigeons love to hear bad news. Po ia Kolpin see They are nasty little creatures. Shivesh Sood.
Simple protection may not have been the only reason we sta ed wearing clothes. reason is simple to give security to girls. tribals wear less clothes should we be tribals. Ohh see o.O Tuesday 20 September 2016 8 Add Close BBC India Comment Late min D 12 sec Botter _ Mughal Junaid BotBoss.Tk BotBoss.
India AngloIndian and GoanCatholic communities are struggling to preserve their identities in rapidly changing times. I would request you to post your survey and repo by reviewing all pa . I live in diverse country. Being from small town I know what Christianity, Islam and Hinduism. I do respect it and I will oppose any such repo idiot,Christian community is different from anglo Indians of course they might be reducing but xtianity is proliferating under the money of missionaries. What about all your Christian missionaries going around conve ing whole tribes by paying them money?? That not going to be repo ed by you is it BBC?. It you British stooges who were helping missionaries conve people in India, time has chnaged, we have called off your bluff. And Anglo Indians are not the Protectors of Christianity We ourselves Protectors of different Religion in our country Christianity is different from Anglican ethnicity nonsense A icle Shame on you BBC Stop putting false propaganda. The reality is opposite Totally wrong. BBC is running Christianity campaigns in India MOST have left GOA and went all over the British Commonwealth of Nations,I know quite few in Australia and they are great people BBC India is talking about AngloIndian Christians and Goan Christians of Po ugese lineage. Their numbers are on decrease, because there are no white men with native wives to produce angloindian children. This is the story of decreasing Jewish populationalso, majority of them migrated to Israel. Even Anglo Indians have migrated to European countries as they can culturally be more comfo able with their white race. But the native christian communities of India are growing and along with Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs are the backbone of this country Thanks to extremism of Modi. Most ignorant and ill informed writer. Herman A Gomes. The bible itself couldnt able to preserve the scriptures then wat do you expect from missionaries Absolutely not There are many Christians working in my office moreover so many friends and they are happy and content Moreover people celebrate Christmas with the same charm and happiness like Diwali Atleast in chandigarh we do Stop spreading such senseless repo Try to unite , try to share togetherness , try to share happiness through your posts not isolate any community or group or religion Stop spreading hatred BBCindia.
Is there such thing as death from overwork? There word in Japanese called Karoshi which means death from overwork Awake, arise to the whole new truth about this Kalyug.
The largest nature reserve on Ea h. Lovely picture.
Arrival has arrived, and you should believe the hype.
Have you ever wondered what your credit score might taste like?
Happy Eid from BBC India Happy festival of love. Cool.
The constant guilt of flexible hours. time placing less.
What are the benefits of fasting? ghr baitthe smaadhaan 919928743756 Famous GoldMedalist Astrologer Pandit Sumit. provides effective astrological and related solutions for all the problems like love affairs, love marriages and other love problems related to your relationships. We try to solve these problems with the help of astrology, horoscope and hypnotism. astrology is the best way to achieve your love dreams as this depends on hypnotism and mind wash. With our love specialist Astrologer mk Shastri now it is very easy to get your love back without any tension of his age, social status, religion and caste. If he is angry on you, then also he will fall in love with you and will not think of spending his live without you. He will be yours in just few days. Believe on me. whatsp Call 919928743756 ek fon aapkii jindgii bdl sktaa hai aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur todddhnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan baabaajii kii ek slaah se aapkaa jiivn bdl sktaa hai whatsp available on 919928743756.
If space really is the final frontier, then it likely that some day humans will differentiate their extraterrestrial colonies with flags just like we do with countries on Ea today. BBC Future decided to dream up some new flags here Have look It was already done by Futurama All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
How many great films have you seen? Seen many at least 20 of them will see others on the list if possible that Is the pursuit of happiness. Thais Azevedo, read it and have your say 20. wohhhh watch this film, great film zero dark thi y, jesica chaistain. ghr baitthe smaadhaan 919928743756 Famous GoldMedalist Astrologer Pandit Sumit. provides effective astrological and related solutions for all the problems like love affairs, love marriages and other love problems related to your relationships. We try to solve these problems with the help of astrology, horoscope and hypnotism. astrology is the best way to achieve your love dreams as this depends on hypnotism and mind wash. With our love specialist Astrologer mk Shastri now it is very easy to get your love back without any tension of his age, social status, religion and caste. If he is angry on you, then also he will fall in love with you and will not think of spending his live without you. He will be yours in just few days. Believe on me. whatsp Call 919928743756 ek fon aapkii jindgii bdl sktaa hai aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur todddhnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan baabaajii kii ek slaah se aapkaa jiivn bdl sktaa hai whatsp available on 919928743756. Try to watch these movies Lucky Vedi.
Going beyond your limits in your twenties is crucial. It helps you learn to control your impulses. ghr baitthe smaadhaan 919928743756 Famous GoldMedalist Astrologer Pandit Sumit. provides effective astrological and related solutions for all the problems like love affairs, love marriages and other love problems related to your relationships. We try to solve these problems with the help of astrology, horoscope and hypnotism. astrology is the best way to achieve your love dreams as this depends on hypnotism and mind wash. With our love specialist Astrologer mk Shastri now it is very easy to get your love back without any tension of his age, social status, religion and caste. If he is angry on you, then also he will fall in love with you and will not think of spending his live without you. He will be yours in just few days. Believe on me. whatsp Call 919928743756 ek fon aapkii jindgii bdl sktaa hai aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur todddhnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan baabaajii kii ek slaah se aapkaa jiivn bdl sktaa hai whatsp available on 919928743756.
The tourists who pay to attend Indian weddings would you want them at yours? When I married my daughter years ago we invite peoples from 16 different nationality and everybody was welcome so where is the problem?. I have very good Indian friends and I know that they never will accept any money to see their tradition. Next what? Charging people to attend your funeral?? Let turn everything into TRADE _. shame on this kind of attitude, foreigner is guest who wanted to see our traditions and culture taking money from our guest is not Indian tradition,,shame. Charging them for experiencing our tradition? It not our culture No need to pay to any outsider ,This is not Indian culture. shame for us ,. Money taken is considered Shagun Traditionally known token of love & best wishes Why go to stranger wedding. Go to India make friends enjoy the culture and then you will be invited to wedding Mariah This would be awesome . RIP your speakersHeadphones and Ears. No. Welcome them for free . yes without pay Yes but no payment required .we will welcome them. . Y they are going to pay for this. I would love to invite all of them Sarabjeet such cool idea . Shree Patel dont let this happen to me . mm Wedding tourists ?? . Max Richards ull go to one free. Rukmini Kanvinde Ninad Sawant. This is kinda cool.
Doing something on the side is appealing to many. Here how you can make it work. .
It best to come up with strategy before you move. ghr baitthe smaadhaan 919928743756 Famous GoldMedalist Astrologer Pandit Sumit. provides effective astrological and related solutions for all the problems like love affairs, love marriages and other love problems related to your relationships. We try to solve these problems with the help of astrology, horoscope and hypnotism. astrology is the best way to achieve your love dreams as this depends on hypnotism and mind wash. With our love specialist Astrologer mk Shastri now it is very easy to get your love back without any tension of his age, social status, religion and caste. If he is angry on you, then also he will fall in love with you and will not think of spending his live without you. He will be yours in just few days. Believe on me. whatsp Call 919928743756 ek fon aapkii jindgii bdl sktaa hai aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur todddhnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan baabaajii kii ek slaah se aapkaa jiivn bdl sktaa hai whatsp available on 919928743756.
Eight rhino calves rescued from India floodravaged Kaziranga park in July and August are slowly being reintroduced to the wild. Lovely picture. ghr baitthe smaadhaan 919928743756 Famous GoldMedalist Astrologer Pandit Sumit. provides effective astrological and related solutions for all the problems like love affairs, love marriages and other love problems related to your relationships. We try to solve these problems with the help of astrology, horoscope and hypnotism. astrology is the best way to achieve your love dreams as this depends on hypnotism and mind wash. With our love specialist Astrologer mk Shastri now it is very easy to get your love back without any tension of his age, social status, religion and caste. If he is angry on you, then also he will fall in love with you and will not think of spending his live without you. He will be yours in just few days. Believe on me. whatsp Call 919928743756 ek fon aapkii jindgii bdl sktaa hai aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur todddhnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan baabaajii kii ek slaah se aapkaa jiivn bdl sktaa hai whatsp available on 919928743756. PA TIME JOB. NO Ragistration Fees Work From home.Earn Daily Rs 4001000 by Working 23 hours per day.just need SMA PHONE.For mor information write PLAN & What app us on this no 917870643665 contact me
Up close and personal with Apple iPhone British and looting, goes hand in hand somebody can flick the air pods away from your ears . . . PA TIME JOB. NO Ragistration Fees Work From home.Earn Daily Rs 4001000 by Working 23 hours per day.just need SMA PHONE.For mor information write PLAN & What app us on this no 917870643665 contact me
A fare hike in disguise? The opposition to this is political. People should be willing to pay more, if railways could make use of these additional funds to modernize, leading to greater safety and cleaner trains and platforms, which the current government is trying to do. Political class who indirectly scuttle railway reforms by opposing every fair hike, does not travel in these trains much and are privileged to fly for their needs. They dont care if once year, trains meet with accidents due to signalling issues or unmanned crossings and people lose life. The trains selected for this scheme are mostly used by people who could afford to pay bit more and they cant be considered poorest of poor No this is not the situation as there are lot of people who suppo this. I also suppo this, as indian railways need to develop the infrastructure increasing the cost is welcome move. revamping of the infrastructure is sole demand of the people India should make rail, air, boat trip free. Even Tempo, Bus and Taxi should be free. Pilots, drivers will submit bill at the endof the month for reimbursement Want first class services at third class rates. You have to compromise at least one of them And railway should abandoned its subsidy program in reserved classes Very bad,run special train for getting profit. Ordinary Indian dont travel in Rajdhani , Durando or Shatabdi which fare are only for rich or govt official. PA TIME JOB. NO Ragistration Fees Work From home.Earn Daily Rs 4001000 by Working 23 hours per day.just need SMA PHONE.For mor information write PLAN & What app us on this no 917870643665 contact me
Was Apple really courageous to give up the traditional headphone socket? It to sell more adapters for stupid amounts of money along with ce ified Lightning earbuds and wireless earbuds for three times the money. Courageous? No, just greedy and taking total advantage of their blind and ignorant fanbase They have not been courageous They have done away wid 3.5 mm jack but they hav provided an adapter for using ur existing 3.5 mm through lightning po . Risky easy to loose . Over priced. Its the same but around thongs modified . all the way . PA TIME JOB. NO Ragistration Fees Work From home.Earn Daily Rs 4001000 by Working 23 hours per day.just need SMA PHONE.For mor information write PLAN & What app us on this no 917870643665 contact me
BBC Future investigates the farreaching effects of one of the Cold War most intriguing events. ghr baitthe smaadhaan 919928743756 Famous GoldMedalist Astrologer Pandit Sumit. provides effective astrological and related solutions for all the problems like love affairs, love marriages and other love problems related to your relationships. We try to solve these problems with the help of astrology, horoscope and hypnotism. astrology is the best way to achieve your love dreams as this depends on hypnotism and mind wash. With our love specialist Astrologer mk Shastri now it is very easy to get your love back without any tension of his age, social status, religion and caste. If he is angry on you, then also he will fall in love with you and will not think of spending his live without you. He will be yours in just few days. Believe on me. whatsp Call 919928743756 ek fon aapkii jindgii bdl sktaa hai aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur todddhnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan baabaajii kii ek slaah se aapkaa jiivn bdl sktaa hai whatsp available on 919928743756. Mig 25 It deserved to be stolen. What techie beauty it was . Such well told story . Lovely picture.
It not always about money.
Scattered across remote Western Himalayan valley on the ancient Silk Route to China are six ancient Indian villages that have lain abandoned for more than half century. Although they might look nondescript, these mountain houses with broken walls and crumpled roofs share glorious past and an ambiguous future. Fabulous work. I had the pleasure of trekking to these villages too.
Acid attack survivor Reshma Qureshi to model in New York. Watch the whole video here Always introduce her as acid survivor Cant they media called them just simply by her name treat her as other normal girls Hats off to this lady I dont know why women in our country are treated this way I Feel ashamed of these men why so much hate and rage is filled with ce ain men. Only because they never saw society where men and women were equal,. V proud of dear God bless r the best ,,god bless ,. Next time pour acid on boys Hats off I salute you rilli proud of hats off to . an inspiration for 21st century womens, always win. God bless verrrrry proud of u. . Keep it up, very highly motivation . Loves you for the spirit Great. .
Talking to astronauts in orbit is as easy as picking up the phone. Watch the entire conversation BBC Future had with space station crew here
Most recruiters are using Facebook ads to target potential candidates. While the adve isements themselves might not appear discriminatory, the process could be quite exclusive.
The highly anticipated annual list of the most notewo hy pedalpowered machinery is here.
The bi hplace of all life?
A Hollywood film editor has photographed some of India poorest people capturing the look on their faces when they see themselves in photo for the very first time. It touches my hea . Chandni Sarcar. ? .
Who was Mother Teresa? I see somebody dying, I pick him up. I find somebody hungry, I give him food. He can love and be loved. I dont look at his color, I dont look at his religion. I dont look at anything. Every person whether he is Hindu, Muslim or Buddhist, he is my brother, my sister, Mother Teresa What the problem if she did charity work in the name of religion while people in our society does it in the name of political pa or leader ? Did she only help Christians of Bengal ? It so unobvious and cruel to abuse her I thought she is someone in the world who will never be scolded or abused but see what social media have done . So many people in India doing this kind of social work without pushing religion to them, it was good work, if it not involved any conversion of religion then it was great work . Tenzing Andrugtsang I remember time when we had argument over whether missionaries were bad and I remember you generalizing it as white people creation, something that was used to colonize the world Well, not every missionaries are bad. In India during abject pove and illness they helped miles where no one could have The Catholic Christian process to declare any person aint on some miracles at least miracles is very illogical, unscientific & hilarious. How human could be miracle personality & what is the need for it? If it planned process to spread Christianity it must be rethink & reexamined. But yes Mother Teresa is great human being & pride for my country India Mother Theresa was born in Skopje not Albania, There are facts about it. Her father is Vlach her mother from Prizren but both living in Skopje and that is Macedonia. Dont switch the truth. What is the problem with you people? Mother Theresa was born and raised in Skopje the capital of Macedonia. Stop with propaganda and do your research. Majka Tereza MAKEDONIJA se gordee so tebe. Most of the people missed to take care of their own mother and let her in elders homes and calling another person as mother what funny people Till the western country try to rule eastern countries via Christian missionaries. The huge investment sector in the world is Christian missions Mother ? you always here you teach me meaning of love I respect mother Teresa. I love mother Teresa So she was awarded for spreading missionaries in the world with love. I love mother teresa. Mother Teresa lived that life. Who was she? She was an aggressive zealot of monotheist religion in the modern Era Mahatma Gandhi The world has enough for everyone need, but not enough for everyone greed. . Many missionaries in almost all the countries are doing religious conve ion business through the name of charity Haha pove y? First invade next loot corrupt then send missionaries stupidity from west. if there is nor religious conve ion rights in India, I dont have any single work there . She shared God compassion, love and mercy through her work Christian missionaries and Muslim terrorists are two sides of the same coin trying to achieve the same goal with different methods I am indeed blessed to have touched her hand such soft hands have never witnessed Mother is now officially saint of the Catholic church. D one who bring christian to india help poor people in name of jesus.
Who was Mother Teresa? Mother Teresa name is AGNESSA BOYAJYAN she is Armenian not Indian, stop humiliating yourselves in the face of the entire world by telling big and fat lies . The initial of her name mother is enough to understand her. Selfless Love to all is all she taught . Love and Respect to the Mother of humanity from Darjeeling For all the people who say Mother Teresa did everything to conve people, I would like to ask if guys personally know anyone who was conve ed by her. U can ask them were they forced or blackmailed into it If dont know anyone personally then please hold ur silence Christian missionaries are helping India for years still Christianity is less than in the whole of India. So what conversion are guys talking about. Our Kolkata belong to herself She was great personality and above all she made us proud bcoz she was the one who gave our city name the city of joy bcoz of her she is mark of humanity love respect towards people of the world hats off you mother we indian are proud of you. Saint.Mother Theresa has visited our home when my grand father was D.collector who helped missionaries by getting their land back from occupiers.She came to home she blessed our family sat for 15 minutes and went back.My father was child then.It was an honor for our family.We miss her.We miss great Mother Well, before the British arrived India is the wealthy country and after Teresa entered she had only seen people with pove y. And asked to change the religion, mission of religion exchange. When Indians are fighting against evil empire of the world Eternal soul salvation matter is the most impo ant matter as fast as Christ is concerned. However they are people who exceptionally do so well on sosiophysic care services we must sincerely appreciate. One among or the topper would be MOTHER TERESA. Some ppl see her as missionary who want to conve ppl to Christianity but for many others she was their only hope and comfo her religion was love for those who were abandoned by this society She truly saint perfect one in the eyes of god she was borned to be role model to become saint praise you mother teresa please pray for the philippines What is the problem with you people? Mother Theresa was born and raised in Skopje the capital of Macedonia. Stop with propaganda and do your research. Majka Tereza MAKEDONIJA se gordee so tebe. People of this nation need to show respect to each others religion, stop this blame game, God in general doesnt even wants this, Im an atheist but I can tell you without any commitment that there only good and evil, choose your side carefully Dogs ranting about religious conversion by her in the name of service, let me ask you this. What great work was our society doing by preaching religion that practices untouchability? Our ancestors were ok to leave these underprivileged to rot and die in pove than to help. Some Ahole wrote book about castes and rest of the men accepted it. Used it as an excuse to discriminate since anyone could ever remember. If treating human without mercy is an excuse for one religion while all it takes for another religion to treat the same human with dignity and respect is just to be pa of it, then its very small price to pay A citizen of heaven, doing the Word of God with Love for the poor,sick,hungry and the helpless on ea h. An example of what Christ expects from all of us. She had humility, and selfless hea . Pray for those she left behind to her missions in the Name of our Lord Her selfless service is the reason why she is called the Mother. Respect and Love the only things that comes to our mind when we hear about Mother Teresa This mother teresa doesnt hear you. She never had the power to answer your prayers because she is not God. The Bible clearly state that There is NO other name under heaven which mankind can be saved. and also there is only ONE mediator between man and The Father, its JESUS. Call upon the name of the LORD, and be saved I remember watching her funeral on tv will never forget that day A white pigeon flew over her coffin and stood there for while if my memory is correct Where was catholic church when the christian nations killed millions in the colonies of america, africa, australia and asia? They were mute spectators or accomplices when the world wars were fought and none of these nations disturbed Vatican. You can sanctify someone only if you yourself is saint. She was great human being no doubt. But the fact that she advocated against using contraception and abo ion and that she essentially reached out to the poor and destitute is one of the major reasons why there so much abject pove in India Population increased times in last 70yrs, majority of them poor. I mean as it is you are poor and top of that you dont want to use contraception and not do abo ion if you keep on getting pregnant Thanks to her . Agree she has golden hea and pure soul Gorgeous lady But no possessions? I mean how did she help people with just bucket and two sarees? ? o.O HOW . She is missionary, helping the poor and conve ing. Her main intention is conversion. She dont love poor people, but she love pove y. What the difference between mother Teresa and people like sai baba. Both help the poor, but other people does it without any hidden intentions. So, who is better BBC India, mother Teresa was not born in Albania, she was birn in Skopje Skopje was in year 1910 terretory of ottoman empire PLEASE BBC INDIA, DO RESARCH BETTER NEXT TIME sorry for my english . amen may you guide me and my family and friends in our daily lives. prayers for all the animals and babieskids who are being abused and killed everyday. prayers for our world to have peace and humanity. amen. She lived life as Jesus expected everyone to live. He has the hea to help the unwanted. She did it with genuine hea . He owns nothing and she didnt save anything for her. No one will able to do what she has done. Some has the hea to live like her but couldnt do it in practical . Those who are criticising her in this comments, feel you need to learn what is love first She was born in Skopje, by blood she is Albanian we love her very much. What an honor for us to have saint like Mother Teresa . Thanks Gary for sharing this. She represents so much of which our society is lacking. We have so much to learn from her. Never realized she spent time in Ireland
The wee animal that cant be destroyed. Lovrly picture.
When in Hong Kong, it the food that stands out as the true 24hour cultural obsession.
Each year, Iran nomadic Qashqai travel with their flocks of goats and sheep from summer highland pastures no of Shiraz to winter pastures on lower and warmer lands near the Persian Gulf, roughly 480km to the south. Their way of life is fine balance between man, animal and their environment. But this traditional way of life is fast disappearing. This is very much like the gujjar community in kashmir who go to high himalayas during summer and fine to Plains of No India during winter.
The picture that pulsing with ascendent energy. Lovely picture.
The strangest storytellers in fiction.
The only clothes that are rapeproof are clothes without women in them. Thts right its achually the Indian mentality and I am very hopeful tht young generation in india is getting out of tht and should have positive attitude towards human beings no matter Wht sec they When you go to any country, really you should not walk the streets alone at night. I have been told that in several countries. I lived and worked in Afghanistan knowing the situation I was back at the compound by cerfew, abide by wearing scarf, just dont draw do much attention to yourself that has been my experience. I urge United Nations and USA to categorize RSS as terrorist organization and impose permanent ban. RSS extremists are terrorizing indian youngsters psychophysically. This religiously motivated and culturally extremist organization is already threat to humanity. International political bodies should force indian government to ban RSS and collectively work out to wipe out this terrorist organization worldwide Do Britishers wear blose and saree ? But in India the sanctity of woman lies in her get up and attire. We consider saree auspicious for women from health point of view and physical feasibility. India being tropical country, saree is the best prefernce. It adds look to feminity . Those lines are only mean for INDIAN. Why single out Indian politicians ? Politicians all over the world are telling women what to wear and what not to. Mind your own business BBC India. Get Off, Dont blow it out of propo ion Safety should be be everyone concern, be it of Men, Women or Children Experience is good teacher Govt issuing travel advisories, show their commitment to safety Women should shut up . Law and order has to improve. Police should be more responsive and gender sensitive. Parents and Schools have to improve the children psychologically. With sustained effo india can benefit got tips for Trump PR who is on the same route?. Rapendia_They_Said_Well_Said . It is not in india but everywhere male domination is available . should suggest indian women are wear nothing .not single pic off cloth.
A simple photo changed life. I love this I did something similar when I worked in Lesotho in 2006 by giving hospital employees pictures of themselves I had been working there for few months . In fact, I often gave multiples so they could give each of their family members copy. It was my way of thanking people for helping me on project and Id like to think it gift that keeps on giving . Those who are successfull are not terrorist. .those who are unsuccessful become terrorists. terror funding find them to do horrible crime So stop attacking actors and singer attack root cause. Hey BBC why you are behind India only dont know any other places or what. You are just showing negative things of India. BBC HASNT GOT ITS EAST INDIA COMPANY AND BRITISH EMPIRE MENTALITY OF ITS MIND GROSS. The same kind of happiness I found with an Italian in Rome when I asked him to film through my Sony Handycam I helped Swiss lady to lock her seat belt couple of years ago when I was flying along with her. It was her first flight experience. I was amazed when few German workers used their fingers to scoop the lost po ion of the ice cream from the ice cream cup in Lufthansa flight I thoroughly enjoyed innocence for the first time in the face of few Germans Yes when see happiness in the face of anyone r happy, not only with Indians It freak case of an Indian who has not seen his photo BBC prestitutes publicise as if V Indians backwards Shame on them . Your caption sounds like we are the monkeys here. If youre from civilized nation then act like one. Guess, youve got it Some Indians like Shom are dishonest they cant do anything else run out overseas. Golden oppo unity your career Pa time job krke Rs.15000 30000 kmaanaa caahte hai to aaiye DIGITAL INDIA se juddiye Zero investment JOIN hone ke lie aap 1 apne phon ke play store meN Champcash likho aur us app ko apne mobaail meN install kr lo 2 ab app pr click kro aur sign up pr click krke apnii ddittels bhr do. 3 Refer id of sponsor puuchegaa vhaaN pr 3179391, ddaal do is ID 3179391 ko khaalii pepr pr likh leN aage jruu pngegii 4 completen challenge apps aur apna id activate karke business se jud jao. . My whatsapp more details on . 8271930798. I have now been to India some 34 times and it is just amazing how this country is making positive news across the world with such complex ecosystem, diverse culture. I was told in my visit, they have more than 3040 languages spoken only in India and all soundspeak different and with different written languages. Their food and clothing changes in every state. BBC India I was surprised that only about 10 actually qualify to pay income tax and many are still below pove and in agriculture and while the Indian government is working hard to get the socioeconomic status up for most of the region it is also hard task given the vastness, diversity and India has long way to go there to reach its ambitious goal and get infrastructuretechnology reaching the poor too.Good icle . Great pictures, good job . Means you say Indian are way behind and they even dont have mobile or cameras to see themselves in photo, what negative news towards country who are emerging and growing fastest in the world . Like selfies politicians take . great one they should donate mirrors to the ppl.
The store in the southern Indian city of Chennai was first opened by her greatgreatgrandfather in 1928. Golden oppo unity your career Pa time job krke Rs.15000 30000 kmaanaa caahte hai to aaiye DIGITAL INDIA se juddiye Zero investment JOIN hone ke lie aap 1 apne phon ke play store meN Champcash likho aur us app ko apne mobaail meN install kr lo 2 ab app pr click kro aur sign up pr click krke apnii ddittels bhr do. 3 Refer id of sponsor puuchegaa vhaaN pr 3179391, ddaal do is ID 3179391 ko khaalii pepr pr likh leN aage jruu pngegii 4 completen challenge apps aur apna id activate karke business se jud jao. . My whatsapp more details on . 8271930798. Lovely picture. Please dont do this.?Please for sake. ab tk hjaaroN logo ne laabh utthaayaa GoldMedalist Astrologer 919799254434 naam aur umr btaakr jiNdgii sNvaare sirph ek phon, pr smsyaa kaisii bhii ho ghr baitthe 24 ghnntto meN 100 smaadhaan aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur toddnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan Get result within 24 hours with full Guarantee. Love vashikaran specialist babaji Black magic secialist babaji Love marriage vashikaran specialist babaji Love problem solution specialist babaji Husband wife vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Girl vashikaran mantra secialist babaji Divorce problem solution specialist babaji Vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Kala jadu specialist babaji Lost love back mantra Mohini vashikaran mantra expe babaji Other cast love marriage vashikaran mantra expe babaji Inter cast love marriafe vashikaran specialsit babaji Businesss problem solution Ex girl love vashikaran mantra Girl & Boy vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Husband wife dispuct problem solution Online vashikaran mantra expe babaji Control your ex love vashikaran mantra Control your wife & husband by vashikaran mantra expe babaji. sNprk kreN Whatsp available on 919799254434.
Where aircrafts go to die. ab tk hjaaroN logo ne laabh utthaayaa GoldMedalist Astrologer 919799254434 naam aur umr btaakr jiNdgii sNvaare sirph ek phon, pr smsyaa kaisii bhii ho ghr baitthe 24 ghnntto meN 100 smaadhaan aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur toddnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan Get result within 24 hours with full Guarantee. Love vashikaran specialist babaji Black magic secialist babaji Love marriage vashikaran specialist babaji Love problem solution specialist babaji Husband wife vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Girl vashikaran mantra secialist babaji Divorce problem solution specialist babaji Vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Kala jadu specialist babaji Lost love back mantra Mohini vashikaran mantra expe babaji Other cast love marriage vashikaran mantra expe babaji Inter cast love marriafe vashikaran specialsit babaji Businesss problem solution Ex girl love vashikaran mantra Girl & Boy vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Husband wife dispuct problem solution Online vashikaran mantra expe babaji Control your ex love vashikaran mantra Control your wife & husband by vashikaran mantra expe babaji. sNprk kreN Whatsp available on 919799254434.
In my experience the males who get there by bullying often end very badly.
People who are better educated tend to hold more extreme views. Prince.
If every species on the planet were suddenly equally intelligent, would we cooperate or fight? Humans are intelligent still fighting How we suppose to think of cooperation to animals They would take all the Revenge of discrimination man has been doing for millions of years with them I think animals are way intelligent and humans And we are dumb to recognize tht It will become difficult to get food. Animals will cooperate with humans and humans with animals. And both together will pa icipate in olympics too. Then countries would be divided into species, Russia belonged to Polar Bears, Elephants owned America, Tigers owned India, Humans would be somewhere on Moon or Mars. or the latest newly found Planet The biggest misunderstanding is humans are sma hahaha. animals are sma er than humans. I guess you mean equally fools like humans. There difference between intelligence and freewill Let alone elephants, humans have lo way to go before they can actually come close to cooperating . Intresting Sma ? Really?. Earn Money 20,000 Rs. , monthly work pa time, health relevant work, more details contact me or send whts app code WOFB at 91 9958391115. They would have taken the world long before US. MUHAMMAD SAFDER ALI GOOGLE .
Tip Employ the element of surprise. ab tk hjaaroN logo ne laabh utthaayaa GoldMedalist Astrologer 919799254434 naam aur umr btaakr jiNdgii sNvaare sirph ek phon, pr smsyaa kaisii bhii ho ghr baitthe 24 ghnntto meN 100 smaadhaan aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur toddnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan Get result within 24 hours with full Guarantee. Love vashikaran specialist babaji Black magic secialist babaji Love marriage vashikaran specialist babaji Love problem solution specialist babaji Husband wife vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Girl vashikaran mantra secialist babaji Divorce problem solution specialist babaji Vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Kala jadu specialist babaji Lost love back mantra Mohini vashikaran mantra expe babaji Other cast love marriage vashikaran mantra expe babaji Inter cast love marriafe vashikaran specialsit babaji Businesss problem solution Ex girl love vashikaran mantra Girl & Boy vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Husband wife dispuct problem solution Online vashikaran mantra expe babaji Control your ex love vashikaran mantra Control your wife & husband by vashikaran mantra expe babaji. sNprk kreN Whatsp available on 919799254434. Get jio sim for free for any mobile 100 working
According to researchers, the most natural time to take nap, based on our circadian rhythms, is in the afternoon sometime between and 4pm. In many cultures 24 pm was the natural nap time be it Spain or India then came super busy Industrial era aka today world and we forgot everything . Its sunnah too wow proved its wo h. But delayed This IS what Islam says to take nap after lunch and it is medically proven to be very healthy. This is said 1400 years ago and in the below comments by Showkat Syed it is very well explained. . MUHAMMAD SAFDER ALI GOOGLE .
.Each po rait plays pa in unravelling the complex web of experiences of Africans in India that, put together, paint picture of loneliness, placelessness and sense of hostility. Indians understand racism is problem only when they live abroad in the West. Otherwise it inherent. These guys are freaking out in Hyderabad BBC India please show it Apa from the mob attacks, the reason behind their living conditions is money, jut money nothing else. In simple words No money, No house . It has nothing to do with mentality ab tk hjaaroN logo ne laabh utthaayaa GoldMedalist Astrologer 919799254434 naam aur umr btaakr jiNdgii sNvaare sirph ek phon, pr smsyaa kaisii bhii ho ghr baitthe 24 ghnntto meN 100 smaadhaan aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur toddnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan Get result within 24 hours with full Guarantee. Love vashikaran specialist babaji Black magic secialist babaji Love marriage vashikaran specialist babaji Love problem solution specialist babaji Husband wife vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Girl vashikaran mantra secialist babaji Divorce problem solution specialist babaji Vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Kala jadu specialist babaji Lost love back mantra Mohini vashikaran mantra expe babaji Other cast love marriage vashikaran mantra expe babaji Inter cast love marriafe vashikaran specialsit babaji Businesss problem solution Ex girl love vashikaran mantra Girl & Boy vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Husband wife dispuct problem solution Online vashikaran mantra expe babaji Control your ex love vashikaran mantra Control your wife & husband by vashikaran mantra expe babaji. sNprk kreN Whatsp available on 919799254434. Disgusting Indians forgot how we were illtreated by the british?. Indians are just as racist as the Chinese . Many Indian people living Afrikan country and many indian people working middel East litel money and india also Million people are poor. One side story he didnt captured those who were happy or those moments when they were happy . That how our racist Indians are Shame . Prince. India is yet NOT fully explored. . MUHAMMAD SAFDER ALI GOOGLE .
You need to think about death for five minutes every day. It will cure you. I never stop thinking about death not even in my dreams and it sta ed as early as I can remember Yes, it makes sense. Just the thought of death make us realize that we are not here for eternity. Our problems and we are not permanent. We have limited period of time on face of Ea h. So let us do what really wo hy Islam teaches it already. MUHAMMAD SAFDER ALI GOOGLE .
A woman body is like violin it takes terrific musician to play it right. am that sma musician. CONFUSING.
I never gave up to the end. In the last round, I had to give my maximum, I had the self belief. If she were male, would you write male wrestler? Why cant you just write wrestler in case of Malik. Women are just people, you know? BBC India. This medal is impo ant for India because zero is broken by bronze. had the selfbelief . Truly appreciate congratulations dear sakshi Malik Proud to be of you thank you. awesome performance really proud of you This spirit can encourage all female players .
The daily to ure of extreme fatigue. ab tk hjaaroN logo ne laabh utthaayaa GoldMedalist Astrologer 919799254434 naam aur umr btaakr jiNdgii sNvaare sirph ek phon, pr smsyaa kaisii bhii ho ghr baitthe 24 ghnntto meN 100 smaadhaan aapke jiivn meN aisii smsyaayeN jaise aapke bnte hue kaaryo me rukaavtt aanaa, bhut prishrm krne ke baad bhii sphltaa nhii milnaa, iNttrkaastt pyaar meN rukaavtt aanaa, shaadii vivaah me rukaavtt, pti ptnii ke rishte me anbn honaa, pddhaaii me rukaavtt, naukrii meN rukaavtt, gRh klesh, nshaa mukti, ttonettottke kaa vhm, mncaahaa pyaar paanaa, viijaa proNblm, vshiikrnn krnaa aur toddnaa, maaNglik doss, biimaarii meN dvaa lgnaa, vyaapaar me nukshaan honaa, videsh jaane ke yog nhii bn rhe hai, paarivaarik smsyaa jo aapke raaste me aa rhii hai kaa pkkaa smaadhaan Get result within 24 hours with full Guarantee. Love vashikaran specialist babaji Black magic secialist babaji Love marriage vashikaran specialist babaji Love problem solution specialist babaji Husband wife vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Girl vashikaran mantra secialist babaji Divorce problem solution specialist babaji Vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Kala jadu specialist babaji Lost love back mantra Mohini vashikaran mantra expe babaji Other cast love marriage vashikaran mantra expe babaji Inter cast love marriafe vashikaran specialsit babaji Businesss problem solution Ex girl love vashikaran mantra Girl & Boy vashikaran mantra specialist babaji Husband wife dispuct problem solution Online vashikaran mantra expe babaji Control your ex love vashikaran mantra Control your wife & husband by vashikaran mantra expe babaji. sNprk kreN Whatsp available on 919799254434. Earn Money 20,000 Rs. , monthly work pa time, health relevant work, more details contact me or send whts app code WOFB at 9958391115.
Nurjahan has now been on treatment for almost four years for disease that is usually cured within six24 months. islam is the biggest epidemic that is hindering the growth of India Pove is prevalent in Muslim community. Pathetic condition in our place .
This man received her father hea .
The Indian women who escaped sexual slavery and became entrepreneurs Will eventually help such women one day. May god give me the strength and independence to do it. Sham Sham on India.
This is what Deepa Karmakar and other Indian athletes told the BBC before going to Rio. yea this is great even if they didnt win it we are still proud of them and every other athlete who pa icipated they all have done well Olympics is not just about representing ones country but also celebrating spo and spo smanship Their ambition. Instead showing one capability might to innocent civilians it is good to compet on field i.e wat they did This what happens when Indians think there the best country on the planet Now they know there just wo hless with breeding capabilities of rats. British was trying to destroy India now BBC ,. We Kashmiri observed as black day, we want right for independence and stop human rights violation against Kashmiris. We dont have enough space to keep all medals Only one enough for 1.2 billion . Deepa she succeeded in what she said. . more then 100 athletes?. Just look british problems from brexit , . Hate bbc. India celebrates Independence Day. Freedom from British Raj, freedom from oppression, freedom from East India Company monopoly, freedom from drain of wealth. Independent India police takes bribe as British India, Drain of wealth in Independent India is much more than British India, there was company rule today also company rule. Independent India protects 2G, CWG corrupts, Lalu, Jayalalita like proven corrupts are given state protection & immunity. Independent India hides Black money list. Yet we are proud to be Indian.
Deepa Karmakar She may have lost out on medal but she won the hea of nation with her vaulting performance. Deepa achieved h despite poor infrastructure training under sub standard conditions she was accompanied by person her coach others were accompanied by team comprising psychologist physio nutritionist etc besides family and friends so her feat is far superior to that of medallists. dear deepa you make really proud billion of people in india. your 2ndlast vault style was truly unparalleled. your are truly champion girl of nation, without access modern trainingequipments impossible in 4th place Olympic . but, you prove that believe yourself dont lookout opponent . As per your amazing talent international medal just waiting for you. good luck for your future World 2nd biggest country india no medal in top 68 countries who has got the medals. Shame on Indian Hur bt pe ye he bola kro Kitna bhonk rahe thy randians pak olympic main log hain to tm itne le ja kiya ukhar lia zalel ho rahe ho Ek shoter to neche bhe gira pura tha p. bg ff00ff00 fg ffff0000 Happy independence day love India and indian people Bismillah yarmal from Afghanistan Emerged winner and won the hea ,though couldnt bring any medal home . Im Proud indian but no medals is nothing to be proud. win is not always for one. Defeat gives chance to other to win. Good BBC, you learn the lesson hard way. this Pic is better one This picture looks quite subtle. Thank you BBC for removing the old post You are star Deepa Karmakar . For our country your performance and pa icipation is above Gold , thumbs up History remembers winners. She has done us proud Without Rio Gold you are Indion Gold. All terrorist national Pakistani turds who are teaching India why not won medal would like to remind at least more than 100 could qualify to go to Rio, how many Pakistani qualified to go there?. We are proud of you Deepa We proud of you deepa.
When Kashmiri youths throw stones at Indian police and soldiers, they respond with tear gas, rubber bullets and even shotguns. And it goes on day after day. Whatever the army did for that salute them first of all the kashmiri youth protest against your own country and then throw stones to army men the army is doing it right no doubts indianarmy. Also kashmiri get 500 rupees each day for pelting stone to arm force so the army should throw stones instead in retaliation? would that be more acceptable? or are people ok with them doing nothing and getting killed in the process coz you know, they dont have families waiting for them at home and are there on whim and not to enforce the will of the Indian people which incidentally includes Kashmiris pundits and muslims alike. As an Indian, I suppo the defence forces even as I regret the deaths and the injuries on either side . Theyre there for us including Kashmir . and let face it the Kashmiri inciting such violence are in the wrong and theyve brought it upon themselves. No country on this ea will tolerate treason. Neither will we Indian Administered Kashmir? Kashmir is India. When separatists, and terrorist sympathizers throw stones at the Indian Army, they are dealt with the manner they deserve. Kashmir has always been Indian land and will always be Indian Tell me Are the lives of the officers and jawans of the Indian forces, less precious than that of the Kashmiris? Do human rights laws not apply to the Indian Army? They dont have the right to defend themselves?. Indian soildiers are trainned with guns not with so called dandas. If sombody throws stone or grenade on them they must fire on self defence Indian force has totally failed in keeping Kashmir public with India. It is now up to the intellectual of indian society what they suggest Indian government. Keep going with same strategy of arms or change it and let Kashmir people of bot sides lets them form their own country. If India continue with arm way of controlling Kashmir, it can bring very worst result. These days, international politics is in India favor and who knows tomorrow. This is right time for india to decide for its own bright future We have never seen an icle from BBC highlighting how kids and woman are paid to stand in front of the mob so that they get hit How is it that always you find way to put the army and current administration in negative light ?. Indian army maintains restrain to the maximum misleading news hindus hv reduced in number nd Muslim increased in Kashmir proves that Indian Muslims in Kashmir are safe But if this is the case than why havent they learnt to stop protesting and living peacefully, you will fight with the soldiers who are securing you and you would gather and throw stones interupt in their operations disturb the local non violence and than expect them to be peaceful with you, and why and from what you want independence get more than what would get after leaving India, so it better to live in India as Indians. Kashmir has always been state of India, Is state and will be state of INDIA Do no tag any posts related to it as IndiaAdministered Kashmir. Coz Kashmir is India but not pakistan And one more thing for you morons, its not India Administered Kashmir it was, is and will be India for each and every one out there get that clear Indian Occupied Kashmir or Indian held Kashmir , whatever you call it. It is definitely disputed land and the dispute should be resolved by involving United Nations BBC India how about asking your Queen to return the Kohinoor diamond and all the gold dugged out of Kolar gold field, and honour all indians soldiers who died for in ww n wwii Again, mentioned Indian administered Kashmir, fools and BBC, Kashmir is india pa get this straight. Ur poms will never improve Dear Pakistanis this is BBC India not BBC Pakistan, stop infrltrating here like do with LET, indians online are times the population of Pakistan, so just stop it Bakchod BBC tumhare Desh me rahke tumhare hi khilaaf Koi shadyantra Kare aur police ko stone mare to tum tamasha dekhoge r again deviding the people kahna kya chahte ho sale chor BBC is shameless media house which is still living in colonial era Have you people even thought about the crimes your own country has done against this entire subcontinent. You people have ceaselessly been involved in antiindia tirade. Shame on you Have BBC repo ed about Pak army atrocities in POK and Baluchistan which are far worst in the world. Why cant it repo about terror camps being run in Pakistan where Kashmiri youths are given guns and training. These terrorists take on army and innocents and take refuge shelter among public who suffer sometime Dear BBC India, please stand in front of muslim fanatic mob who are peacefully want to stone you, and then share how does it feel to feel the hit of stone on your head, on your eyes, on every pa of body Probably the Indian security forces wud the first to have more injured among their ranks then the protesters and still have to face criticism. Please change the narrative let talk about the 4000 casualties of Indian security men their pain and injuries, fractured skulls, grenade attacks etc. They need to be commended for exercising immense discipline under such life threatening circumstances. In any other country it would have led to lethal response. Respect our forces for standing up Bbc should sta looking at the horrible atrocities on Iraqi people by British and American soldiers. Who are the only responsible ones for current situation in Iraq and bi of IS. If you dont tolerate terrorists, why you brand them as militant? I request Kashmiris to take path of education and peaceful agitation instead of stone pelting to get their demands heard if any atrocities are made. However, Kashmir cant be made independent from India as it is of too much geopolitical impo ance with some of the worst neighbors waiting for an inch of Indian land to grab What kind of news are these? Question on the chosen day of this news when India is going to celebrate 70th Independence Day There are some Anti Indian News channels who are trying to malign image of India . On this day British left India and India was azad today Kashmir wants azadi from India and Pakistan and British are writing the icle on this amazing
A new species of songbird has been discovered in the Galapagos Islands, but it is already thought to be extinct.
How do you know when it time to go versus when to ride out the bad times? Independence Celebrations For our most valued Customers ChequeGuru Cheque Printing Software @ 299 Hurry up feel the freedom Cheque Printing Software India, Delhi, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Bihar, Gujarat, Punjab, Haryana ChequeGuru cheque printing software india A cheque printing software for every office enabling thousands of users all over the world to enjoy the simplicity and comfo of cheque printing chequeprintingsoftware.com.
India central bank governor Raghuram Rajan is comfo able talking economics, but what about some less familiar topics? political career he would do splendid anytime well liked free of controversy courage of conviction Set Right Law & Order first Make in India rejoinder creme de la creme. Awesome always. . Independence Celebrations For our most valued Customers ChequeGuru Cheque Printing Software @ 299 Hurry up feel the freedom Cheque Printing Software India, Delhi, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Bihar, Gujarat, Punjab, Haryana ChequeGuru cheque printing software india A cheque printing software for every office enabling thousands of users all over the world to enjoy the simplicity and comfo of cheque printing chequeprintingsoftware.com. Shreya Bhattacharya P aint he so charming?? . My Game Google ranked commando game. I so happy
Police are unsure whether the thieves had hid in the carriage or cut their way into the train while it was moving. Great train robbery oh if robbery happened in bbc headqua ers in England what do you call it is. Shame on you bbc. By looking at cut section and at metallic burrs It is possible to tell from which side cutting was done Why are we calling it great. It was wrong act. Please dont make it sound heroic Really great thives. Hahaha.that was like old movie show. Robbery is done from inside all preplanned ,making fool of public. Poor Indian police.
Can you eat threecourse meal for dollar? Indiaonaplate Is this so impo ant to discuss about the street food ??? The places are very unclean and unhygienic. Those streets are not at all progressing, in terms of infrastructure So he finally got the food in 65 rupees & not dollar dollar meal ok hope there is no hospital bill after . I would never pay dollar for food would give them fair price. When I went there they charged me different American price not an Indian price. Dont be fooled. Is it just me, or does he not know much about Indian food at all. red pudding being case in point. Wow he needs healthy food in dollar itne mei aisa ich milnga bhai. He should have DELHI BELLY. Come to Kerala In Fo kochi there is hotel called nifty You can get food even cheaper than this. You went to Chandni Chowk. That cheating xD. Street food is famous in most of the countries isnt it? Dont you think about your health before you eat? You want best taste, at cheaper price you will laugh on them after eating nicely is big shame they dont force you to eat What happens when choke? No need water??. For who have better immunity wont stuck up in hospital. hope he not get sick after that P. You should have iron stomach to digest this. What is this guy name?? I want to see more videos lol. Amy Bomjen tommorow iam going there for sure. What the point dude ?. How old is this video? 35 bucks for chicken biriyani . Jacob Sandral Daniel Surinach We shall be trying this challenge.
The comic book that changed everything.
Irom Sharmila I want to be free like bird and fly Is that really said by her own thought or otherwise . I confusing that she seems to be remembering the next words that what to say? Really looks like someone is being manipulating her mind. If she really like to exit from such abandoned movement as she said then why after long 16 year? I hope Deciding my own style of living is my fundamental right but if it relates with the National issue than it will be automatically conve ed into fundamental duties and it should be mandatory to oblige. Aftr all grand salute for the contribution against the AFSPA I suppo to stand against the draconian law Irom Sharmila will not give up her 16 years fight just like that but she will definitely choose another path to fight this draconian law,. She deserves better life Shame on people who abandobed her when she quit her hunger strike She sacrificed her sixteen years for these selfish people who dont even care about her life Sixteen years not small period of life and she resisted the black lawAFSPA.But sorry for her.The rulers are not soft hea ed Her so called suppo ers used her for years for the cause. There was time when she wanted to quit to marry her beau but she was not allowed to. She was living ma yr The lesson learnt? rich and powerful rule the World, the rest of us have to sneak our way thru . I can offer nothing .I just have my hea and tears. Sorry, nothing else. We live in an extremely brute world. Just tears Because people can hardly believe her for her sudden change of thought. But we still respect This is so powerful. Who is she? Please somebody tell. Can BBC reaches Human Rights International about the so called Armed Forces Special Power Act in No East India which violates every rights of person and it is only means to protect all wrong doings of politician and bureaucrats. Beside above fact India is proudly claimimg to world india is largest democracy in world. If all these issues useless do not care to ear of so many organization, why such organization ever exist????. Hope her decision will be accepted, by the people of Manipur for whom she fought relentlessly for 16 years .
Officials at the park said they imposed preliminary fine because the cricketer flouted the rules . We are providing pa time home based online work without any investment to everyone. Anyone can do this job Totally genuine.Call me or Whatsapp me if r serious about job. we need serious candidates Contact on WhatsApp Type JOIN and send us on this no 92322,74032,98.
If you have ever wondered why people arms and legs twitch suddenly while drifting off to sleep, this is the answer. Create free email marketing trial account _ GetResponse
No matter how many subway lines, buses, trams, trains, and other public conveyances we ride, the upholstery is unimpressive. But why?
Why drugs flow under your feet.
How evil are you? Take our questionnaire and discover how dark your personality truly is. Being honest or dishonest weighs the results . Infrequently vile . Moderately nefarious.
Did you know Salty food could be one contributing factor.
Indian athletes in Rio Please pray for us. We want to make India proud. Pray ? Why pray ? Make yourself fit, strong, dedicated and an invincible resolve to win and win. Fate, prayer and well wishes means nothing. It is hard work, dedication and supreme fitness that win medals. Best wishes WE ARE PROUD OF U INSHAALLAH will win more medals this time and make our country proud. We Kashmiri want freedom from India Give us the right of independence as Nehru promised us. And stop human right violation at Kashmir. nothing will happen with prayers only, you have to beat everybody which is highly hypothetical in present scenario Indain leave my kashmir we want freedom India you are world terrorist. Good. Luck team India. Best wishes team India . Stop human right violation at kashmir we kashmiri want freedom from India go india go Wish you all the best team indian. you are the best so all the best team Team India I pray for Afghans and Indians championship Wishing all the players all the best for all the events GOOD LUCK . More then ? Is this repo by BBC or some bloody desi channel?. Indain your terrorist leave my kashmir. All the best make india proud. you people have got strings that controls our hea beatsmin ,increase it or decrease it but just let you and ours pumping for awesome india. khoob sara medal. After all of antiIndia bashing and showing us in bad light, BBC has got realistic message for us. Cheer India Wish you all the very best . God bless you guys all the way very best guys. God bless you all jay Hind. All the best. Practice people Wish you good luck . All the best to all. Best of luck to the entire Indian spo team
The answer is quite shocking. Stop the clickbait BBC You just published an icle today about how Facebook is suppressing this snake always dangerious.
A heavy price to pay for travelling light. aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN hmaarii sevaaeN Pandit Sumit Sharma Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Realationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Vashikaran Specialist baba Love back By Vashikaran Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer World Famous Vashikaran Specialist Black magic specialist baba Love vashikaran specialist baba Vashikaran mantra specialist Vashikaran mantra for love marriage Vashikaran mantra for husband wife World famous vashikaran specialist Famous Indian astrologer vashikaran specialist Childless problem solution 91928743756 WhatsapNO 9928743756.
New shows to keep you ente ained this month aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN hmaarii sevaaeN Pandit Sumit Sharma Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Realationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Vashikaran Specialist baba Love back By Vashikaran Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer World Famous Vashikaran Specialist Black magic specialist baba Love vashikaran specialist baba Vashikaran mantra specialist Vashikaran mantra for love marriage Vashikaran mantra for husband wife World famous vashikaran specialist Famous Indian astrologer vashikaran specialist Childless problem solution 91928743756 WhatsapNO 9928743756.
For these brave women, big cats are their neighbors. aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN hmaarii sevaaeN Pandit Sumit Sharma Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Realationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Vashikaran Specialist baba Love back By Vashikaran Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer World Famous Vashikaran Specialist Black magic specialist baba Love vashikaran specialist baba Vashikaran mantra specialist Vashikaran mantra for love marriage Vashikaran mantra for husband wife World famous vashikaran specialist Famous Indian astrologer vashikaran specialist Childless problem solution 91928743756 WhatsapNO 9928743756.
Six weeks without fuel and petrol is selling for 300 rupees litre. Crumbling infra the national highways are stuck no tankers can move. That acche din. why?. aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN hmaarii sevaaeN Pandit Sumit Sharma Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Realationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Vashikaran Specialist baba Love back By Vashikaran Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer World Famous Vashikaran Specialist Black magic specialist baba Love vashikaran specialist baba Vashikaran mantra specialist Vashikaran mantra for love marriage Vashikaran mantra for husband wife World famous vashikaran specialist Famous Indian astrologer vashikaran specialist Childless problem solution 91928743756 WhatsapNO 9928743756.
India athletes tell the BBC that lack of suppo from authorities is to blame. Atleast we are improving at Olympics year after year. I hope this Olympics, the Indian athletes will bring laurels. Coz they dont have infrastructure to train, no suppo or encouragement from us, we dont even know half of them, and of course zero suppo from authorities need more reasons? India only knows cricket. It pathetic. It miracle they even compete The athletes are telling the truth. But I bet you, let the world host Bovine Olympics and india will rule the leaderboard for generations the way you got training we cant get you all just search on wikipedia and believe it truth the athelits get to this oppo unity with so hardships you dont know. before questioning. Coz of zero suppo & corruption.it will better to send our MPs & MLAs in olympics, coz some of them are masters in one thing,,,,,,, corruption . Everyone expects someone else to win it for India and those who are ready to go dont get enough suppo Must focus on No heast India Again negative bbc india journalism. Fastest growing economy in the world or 100 Olympic medals I know my choice Till the time there is political interference in spo body nothing is going to change. Let wait for RIO OLYMPIC CLOSING CERMONY BBC U WILL GET THE ANS For improvement this types of news channels should be ban. Oh come on that was our secret dont tell them. It due to lack of spo ing culture In India, even for appointment of office assistant, minister will intervene to recommend name. BCCI, body which control cricket in India is consisting of bunch of criminals who seldom select player on merit. Athletes also facing the same problem. Indians are prone for corruption and major section of government employees will do anything for money. God only can save our nation. That is not true .India is still working at their performance I still hope that India will achieve win in Rio olympic Coz we are very busy thinking abt worshiping cows and snakes . indian leaders dont build bridges they build malls. Time to shoot the admin in the head. also becos britain for same reason. Who cares ?? Pa icipating, tour is enough Because everyone involve in politics to earn their bread & butter.
While half million international visitors flood into Rio de Janeiro for the 2016 Olympic Games, there growing group of foreigners in Brazil who are scrambling to get out permanently expats. Sit down and destiny sits, Stand and destiny stands Sleep and destiny sleeps, Move and destiny moves, Hence, it is good to be on the move Brazil is not for beginners amateurs Tom Jobim. aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN hmaarii sevaaeN Pandit Sumit Sharma Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Realationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Vashikaran Specialist baba Love back By Vashikaran Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer World Famous Vashikaran Specialist Black magic specialist baba Love vashikaran specialist baba Vashikaran mantra specialist Vashikaran mantra for love marriage Vashikaran mantra for husband wife World famous vashikaran specialist Famous Indian astrologer vashikaran specialist Childless problem solution 91928743756 WhatsapNO 9928743756.
Could this be ride of sheer pleasure or extreme fear? aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN hmaarii sevaaeN Pandit Sumit Sharma Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Realationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Vashikaran Specialist baba Love back By Vashikaran Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer World Famous Vashikaran Specialist Black magic specialist baba Love vashikaran specialist baba Vashikaran mantra specialist Vashikaran mantra for love marriage Vashikaran mantra for husband wife World famous vashikaran specialist Famous Indian astrologer vashikaran specialist Childless problem solution 91928743756 WhatsapNO 9928743756.
The heritage that couldnt be erased. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756. aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN hmaarii sevaaeN Pandit Sumit Sharma Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Realationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Vashikaran Specialist baba Love back By Vashikaran Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer World Famous Vashikaran Specialist Black magic specialist baba Love vashikaran specialist baba Vashikaran mantra specialist Vashikaran mantra for love marriage Vashikaran mantra for husband wife World famous vashikaran specialist Famous Indian astrologer vashikaran specialist Childless problem solution 91928743756 WhatsapNO 9928743756. Well come to champcash Dosto hum log daily Facebook,what app par kitne net pack use ka he but hume kuch nehi milta . lekin ek app use karne se hum pese bhi kama sakte he jo bilkul free he or joining fees bhi free he. ye ek online job he jise aap par time ya full time bhi kar sakte ho or par month 10000 se 50000 rupay kama sakte he or aapka team bada ho isse bhi jiyada kama sakte ho agar_koi_interestedhe_to_mujhe7575961651 whatsapp _par_JOB_likh_ke_sand_kar_de sirf wohi kare jo life me kuch karna chahte he Champcash Join Karne Ke Liye Play store se bhi aap Champcash earn money free app install kar sakte ho Champcash app install karein Jab Champcash App install Ho Jayega Tab Apko Champcash Open Karke Sing up With Champcash Pe click Karke Apni Basic Details Enter Karni Hogi 1 Name 2 Email ID 3 Password 4 Date Of Ba 5 WhatsApp No I agree Pe click Karke Procced Kardena Phir Refer mein 4065125 Submit Karna Verify Name Shamun Roy Ab apko Champcash Business Mein Kam Karne Ke Liye 56 or 78 apps download korna podega download korne baad ap champcash ka active memeber bon jawge iske baad kiya karna sab ma apko whatspp par jamjhawngi.ok.
Are you honest without realising? All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756. aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN hmaarii sevaaeN Pandit Sumit Sharma Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Realationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Vashikaran Specialist baba Love back By Vashikaran Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer World Famous Vashikaran Specialist Black magic specialist baba Love vashikaran specialist baba Vashikaran mantra specialist Vashikaran mantra for love marriage Vashikaran mantra for husband wife World famous vashikaran specialist Famous Indian astrologer vashikaran specialist Childless problem solution 91928743756 WhatsapNO 9928743756.
Justin Rowlatt discovers the luxurious and delicious Kolkata egg roll. Watch the full video at whats with the music behind ?. aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN hmaarii sevaaeN Pandit Sumit Sharma Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Realationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Vashikaran Specialist baba Love back By Vashikaran Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer World Famous Vashikaran Specialist Black magic specialist baba Love vashikaran specialist baba Vashikaran mantra specialist Vashikaran mantra for love marriage Vashikaran mantra for husband wife World famous vashikaran specialist Famous Indian astrologer vashikaran specialist Childless problem solution 91928743756 WhatsapNO 9928743756. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
Before you say anything, know that this fluff may help make bellybuttons cleaner Shagun Gupta not so gross you know D cotton factory . 69 minutes of silence for those who checked their tummy after seeing this. Muhammad Taimoor Once you had told us about this. Do you remember? Lolz Benson Almeida hw funny is this icle for some reason All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756. please give special status to andhra pradesh. Neha Singh read. aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN hmaarii sevaaeN Pandit Sumit Sharma Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Realationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Vashikaran Specialist baba Love back By Vashikaran Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer World Famous Vashikaran Specialist Black magic specialist baba Love vashikaran specialist baba Vashikaran mantra specialist Vashikaran mantra for love marriage Vashikaran mantra for husband wife World famous vashikaran specialist Famous Indian astrologer vashikaran specialist Childless problem solution 91928743756 WhatsapNO 9928743756.
In postBrexit world, BBC Culture finds out what that means. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
His istic talent and scientific understanding pale in comparison to lesserknown side of this enigmatic genius his inventions. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
Being rescued is hungry work At the earliest possible it must be allowed to lead its normal life in wild. Thankyou for saving this cute baby. Must be missing his mommy?. At least bbc is covering the news of Assam Our own national news are busy on other news Absolutely comprehensive. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756. Humanbiend now becomes beinghuman.
How to snorkel without leaving the boat. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
The handbag made of human skin. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756. Hlb 1474 person have been killed in Aleppo city during the last two months during Genocide campaign which is never done from the War I I, people in Aleppo are perishing and its infrastructure is destroying by the Russian warplanes and Assad helicopters and Jets . This is happening and the Arab world and international community keep silent and do nothing to stop it. Anger_for_Aleppo and for children , women and history of Aleppo. And for 400 thousands of people who are besieged . And for stopping the massacres which are happening every day in Aleppo and its Countryside. Anger for Aleppo is campaign that asking for joining the freers around the world to demonstrate in the streets for Aleppo in 31.07.2016 .
International expansion Necessity or vanity project? All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
The Big Apple is home to living things no one ever sees. for people who used to travel in Mumbai local Railway please like page Virar Double decker Local. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
What the ist last work tells us about his mental state. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
In some cities, parking has become valuable real estate.
The company record delivery time is just four minutes. There go more jobs.
It can be pretty strenuous work though.
All the times our worst fears about technology came true
No one likes to lose, and yet they keep on betting. If the house always wins, why roll the dice again?
Stunned silence was the audience reaction. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
Rao was ahead of his times. Pig Rao most hated PM in India, he declared India Hindu rashtra and demolished babri mosque ,. Baber came to India for sta up company and gradually he become billionaire he saved lot of people life from pove India owes him lot only time Congress did good when under him undid the harm that Gandhi inflicted on our nation until manmohan happened. A great intellectual Was great prime minister Architect of Indian economic reforms. Excellent Prime Minister of India Mosted hated PM by INC. He never was puppet of SGRG All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756. Killer of MIXED ECONOMY. .
What it like patrolling the world busiest border crossing.
Most intelligence agencies rely on the informed hunches of trained specialists. But there are people from ordinary walks of life who routinely do far better at predicting events than the expe s.
Youth from Indianadministered Kashmir talk to the BBC in the wake of violent protests in the region that have killed over 40 people. BBC India please correct the fact. Its not Indian Administered but its Indian Territory itself. Dont you dare try to make it complicated Dear brothers and Sister Bhatt, I know you are proud citizens of India and that is great. Everyone should be proud on the country he belongs to. But sometimes your love for country doesnt let you look on the facts and you sta talking about what you have not exact information of. Please know that during pa ition Kashmir was neither pa of Pakistan nor India that is why Sheikh Abdullah was Prime Minister of Kashmir and not the CM Kashmir has different penal code called Ranbir Penal Code and rest of the India has Indian Penal Code All Indians have one Indian citizenship, but Kashmiris have dual citizenship Indian citizenship and Kashmiri citizenship which is called State Subject in Kashmir There are lots of other points to clarify this, but I think these are enough. After that Pakistan attacked Kashmir and Sheikh Abdullah asked for military help from India, because he didnt want Kashmir to be merged with Pakistan wonder today people say Kashmiris fight because they want to go to Pakistan and that is when icle 370 was formed in which India will provide defence help to Kashmir, in turn India will have rights on things in Kashmir 1. Defence 2. Foreign affairs 3. Communications India was supposed to withdraw their forces from Kashmir which he never did and since then Kashmiris are fighting for it. There are videos in which even the Hindus from other states say the true story, but unfo unately they are deleted soon. My request to you all is that most of us are common people doing our respective jobs. Let mind our business and not let others provoke us and talk anything we dont know. But as good citizen if you want to respond to something you dont like please first get the correct information about it and then express your feelings. And Sister Sonia Bhatt let agree Kashmir was Hindu land and there were Brahmans, Pundits, Sikhs living in Kashmir, and there still are Sikhs living there, worshiping in great Gurudwara at Shadimarag and other places, there are temples in the hea of Srinagar where Hindus worship. And some Brahmas find Islam true religion and became Muslims that is why you find many people with other Sir names, and let suppose my ancestors were not Muslim, but I still love Islam because I believe this is the only true religion. Do you have any problem with that? If yes then May you get well soon Some people think Kashmiris are fighting for freedom because Pakistan in funding them to spread militancy, let me tell you, not only J but Hyderabad also denied to be with India, but India forcibly got Hyderabad in, but now Hyderabad is happy state of India and are proud Indians like others. So what I want to say is, if this was the case, then why wouldnt Pakistan fund the people of Hyderabad and spread militancy there, which was good choice for them than funding Kashmiris because Hyderabad is one of the major cities of India and can cause much disturbance. I cant understand whenever we talk about Kashmir why people associate us with Pakistan. However I know you will many people in the valley praising or suppo ing Pakistan but the only reason for that is, if someone hu you and there comes the other man who hu the person who is hu ing you then the other person indirectly become your hero. Some people say Kashmiris are Brain Washed to do protests, while it is common sense that you can brain was one person, 10, 100 or 1000s, but how could you brainwash the entire nation. Pandits were forced to leave Kashmir this is on everyone tip of tongue to justify the human rights violation in Kashmir. Being human I wont try to justify why this happened. But forcing them to leave Kashmir then does no way justify the innocent killings in the region now. Even there are many Kashmiri Pundits who speak in favour of Kashmir because they know the reality. And that was the time of ignorance. Today the state has over 65 of literacy rate. That is why while more the 40 people died in last couple of weeks and thousand from 89, despite all this, every Hindu and Sikh is living safely in Kashmir, and the people there are safeguarding every Temple and Gurudwara such disturbed situation Attained freedom for himself atleast. That proves lot. He was responsible for the death of army generals in the Kashmir. I dont are what the Kashmir Muslims think about the issue. It isnt their land in the first place. They butchered Kashmir pandits to claim the land. It never going to be theirs. Kashmir belongs to Kashmiris. It is Indian occupied as per United Nations and signed by Indian Government India took the case to United Nations and not by Kashmir or Pakistan . Just go for referendum as there was referendum in Scotland. If Kashmir votes for India that is ok but if no body votes for India then India should leave Kashmir. Just be reasonable and honour your international obligations. Syed Muhammad Kamil kashmir was and still is muslim majority state which was sold to india back in oct 1947 based on agreement between hari sing and indian govt. These ppl will never except this reality. In sho inko pakistan aj tk hazam nahe huwa kashmir kahan se hoga Change your name from BBC India to BBC against India, you have shown interview of only 3,4 youths, what about the opinion of others Indianadministered Kashmir ??? get your facts right BBC India . kashmir will remain with india outsiders came in and want azadi from motherland ridiculous Dear bbc india Covering just one family doesnt po ray the ideology of whole kashmir. Kashmiris of some districts who are creating the chaos there are misguided by separatist leaders. Why dont you cover those kashmiri families who proudly says india is our country. Moreover these people in the video saying that they dont belong to india, they are fighting for freedom from india, then why they expect any sympathy from indian pm and state. morons. As an Indian, I would feel bad if Kashmir left India. I would feel bad for two reasons. First, because our map would look like person without head. It already looks like person with Bangladesh in her underarm, which is bad enough. Second, the fact that it breathtakingly beautiful place, and it would be shame to let it go. But would I feel that something intrinsically Indian has been lost? Honestly, no. Think about it. How much do you really identify Kashmiri with Indian? We tell jokes about every one of our communities. Do you know single Kashmiri joke? We know at least one popular phrase or abuse in every language. Do you know one in Kashmiri? We make fun of all our regional accents. Do you even know what Kashmiri accent sounds like? Three decades ago, we had fringe Sikh nationalists wreaking havoc for an independent Khalistan. Now that was unthinkable. An India without Punjab? Ridiculous. You dont get more Indian than bhangra, butter chicken and behen di Jokes aside, no one could imagine India without the Sikhs. And the overwhelming majority of Sardarjis couldnt imagine themselves as anything but Indian. And that the difference. The majority of Kashmiri Muslims living in Kashmir have never thought of themselves as Indian. Theyve never assimilated, not even with Indians who shared their religious beliefs. For that matter, many Kashmiri Hindus I know think of themselves as different from the average Indian. Can you really blame them? The very basis for the Kashmiris entry into the Indian union was promise we made them almost 70 years ago. A promise that once peace returned to the valley, and the Pakistani troops withdrew from what we know as PoK, we would let them vote for their future. But the Pakistanis stayed put, we refused to acknowledge that the place had actually become quite peaceful, and the promise was forgotten. Forgotten by us, not them. Till four decades later, generation that had grown up hearing about this promise, asked for it to be fulfilled. By then, our history textbooks had been rewritten, Kashmir had become an integral pa of India, and any attempt at selfdetermination was branded Pakistani conspiracy. Of course Pakistan is helping, but saying that all the 65,000 an approximate number civilians and militants killed so far were Pakistanis is wishful thinking. Weve been at war with Kashmir for nearly thi years now. And I deliberately say at war with, not in Kashmir. It not Pakistanis were fighting, it Kashmiris. Ive heard friends say, It state full of traitors . But just think, if an entire population believes in something, is it treachery? Or is it nationalism? Let not forget that not too long ago, the British labelled our freedom fighters as traitors and terrorists, too. What many of us feel about the Kashmiris is exactly what the British felt about us. India, too, was considered an integral pa of the British Empire. The British had to leave, simply because the human cost of staying on proved too high. Too many Indian soldiers have already died in our struggle to keep Kashmir. Unspeakable atrocities have been committed by both sides. Are we any closer to making the average Kashmiri feel Indian? Or are we happy running police state, full of people who cant stand us and think of us as oppressors? Finally, there isnt that much difference between personal relationships and the emotions that unite or divide cultures if you cling on to someone who doesnt want you, neither of you will ever be happy. Via Nilesh Veidya. ek launda boltha hey ki india political system forced you from 1947 to ak47 where were you when the army is rescuing your so called freedom wanted people ? was your eyes were closed.If the indian govt is that brutal then only they have left you for yourself drowning in the floods and you have all attained your freedom janat _ ShameonyouBBC. india is worst leggal terrorist nation. they genocide in kashmir, suspended mobile network in kashmir by digital india. lakhs attend burhan prays despite curfew, election on vi ue of development, dese. Insane comments from so many right wing indians saying Kashmiris should leave kashmir if they dont like it ruled by india . Is that logical? Honestly, what would their answer be if the british said before 1947 to indian nationalists Leave india if you dont like us ruling you . It their home. It belongs to them. If they dont like being ruled by India, then it is India that should leave, not them For the last centuries they muslims have occupied our land and did forced conversion I dont see any proof of residing Islamist in Indian peninsula But now they are claiming this land which was once owned by pandits and other groups Yes whatever is happening in Kashmir is not justified but what was done to other religious groups was also not justified Then where was the tolerance back then for those groups. Indian living in fools Paradise need to come out of it If Kashmir is not disputed Territory then what is your army doing there If Kashmir doesnt belong to Pakistan then why are Kashmiri People not yet integrated to India even after 70 years Why do need to put your heavily armed military personnel in Kashmir To solve problem you need to identify it first . We all Indians are really sorry for what is happening in kashmir and understand your suffering. .but if you feel suffocated in India you free to move . how many soliders were died saving you till now?. Hatred is all I see in the comments below. How many more people will have to die for you all to understand that hatred is not the answer? Why cant everyone let Kashmir be country? I am from Pakistan. I am not saying give it to Pakistan. I am not saying give it to India. Kashmiri people have the right to their land. What does person sitting in house in Mumbai or in Karachi living their life have to do with the Land of Kashmir? What does any civilian who is commenting here have to do with it? They have not even stepped foot on the land and think they have the right to decide on the behalf of the Kashmiri people. There are politicians and army and terrorists feeding off this conflict to pollute your minds with hate. Whats the point of all this? Come together humans, for once, do it for others. Do it for the people of the beautiful land or more people will continue dying I have seen all comments and its more about enmity between india pak rather than for kashmit issue First we got to develop tolerance learn manners to dialogue I have so many indian friends here in new york we never felt the difference that we belonged to two rival countries I have no idea what happens to people once they cross atlantic ocean. Many people think about azad kashmir as state of pakistan. Its separate state with separate president prime minister. On other hand indian kashmir has been controversial statesince 1947 people are not because of land rather its land because of people. If people say that these are only few separarists in kashmir doing propaganda then there is very simple way to verify this. A simple independent referendom by UNO where all jammu kashmir residents should vote one of these three options 1India 2Pak 3Indendent state Then go what people want. If it were only few then people would vote for india vice versa Dont think Getting 700000 army in kasmir state is too much for so called few separists. Each country has separation movements and its true that they are suppo ed by other countries If pak suppo separation in kashmir then india also suppo balochistan separation same way india has done in 1971 for east pakistan separation But there are not lac pak army in balochistan. Pak governmnt setteled with the people there are no riots there We got to be more realistic than mere being patriotic. People have right to decide what they want. If all people who dont wana india will leave kashmir then what india will get by occupying empty houses and vacant lands in kashmir especially if india claims to be biggest democratic state of the world Democracy doesnt mean land rather it means people and people mean refrendom. This is not something new in history of this world It takes less effo to arrange refrendom rather than doing wars between two nuclear powers Kashmir issue is not about religion. If it were mere religion then 200 million muslims in india would also have asked for separate state . U fucktards from BBC What do mean by Indian administered Kashmir Its an integral pa of India nd its wriiten in Indian constitution. What low class journalism is this BBC is becoming an evil remnant of Raj. By talking to few disgruntled muslims in Indian Kashmir did it do wonderful job? Money spent there is waste. One should work hard and earn his bread. It is better to give money to Africa or even to UK after Brexit. Why agitation was not sta ed in 47 but only after three decades? Why Pundits were thrown out of their homes? Whether british hand involved, envying India progress? How many muslims were there in 47 and now with India? Pa ition by Raj on religious lines was wrong. The future of Britain will be gloomy due its selfish stance, failure to adjust with neighbours, bad policies and evil designs. Pl. go and interview some Azad Kasmiris, Baluchis in Peshawar to complete the repo . Sadiq is doing good job and good work, no bounds I believe I know lot about politics, not just Indian, but also about political developments in the US and the UK. However, I cant be sure what actually happening in Kashmir. The point I want to make here is that the whole situation in Kashmir is too complicated for people to understand. Then I see people from both side of the border claiming whatever they believe about Kashmir. I have question for them all, do they really know the ground realities? Why cant we just carry on with our routine? As if life is too simple and we are always free to talk and get involved in politics . BBC India Tell the world one other thing too, Youth from all over India will come together for unity of India. We wont let single inch of land separated from our country. Tell the world that we want peace in Kashmir but not on the sake of pa ition. Kashmiri Pandits who were the indigenous people of Kashmir were slaughtered by Kashmiri Muslims and were forced to leave their native land. Following this, not single Kashmiri Pandit became terrorist or what these morons call freedom fighter. If you need to show news show all the facts. Kashmir may be disputed territory for the world for us it India crown and Kings do not give up their crowns BBC News. Dear BBC, Could you also go to POK and ask the youth from the other side of the LOC the same questions? Journalism is not covering only selective aspects of society and views Guys , BBC always does it , they already did in past , and doing same in present context. And look at these guys houses , these are spoil brats who doing the revolution based on the money of their ancestors, have food in stomach and house for living. If they think that Boy with AK47 in hand is normal one , then it is doubt how much they are normal who suppo ing them. Have they ever try to reach the interior, where people of Kashmir spending days without road , electricity, water ,have they ever asked to their Govt. which money given to Kashmir by Indian Govt. , what is the outcome of that. No they will not, otherwise the flow of money will be stop, which came from Pakistan, Saudi , UK and other country from their well wisher on based their daily expense running and able to give long speech on BBC For Pakistani , first see the UN resolution SRES5 1948 , and tally what Pakistan have fulfill their condition , then talk on UN Resolution Stupid Indians wake up and smell the coffee are you blind Kashmiri people dont want to live with you they are waving Pakistani Flag in Kashmir territory sooner then later Kashmir will become pa of pakistan long live the Freedom Fighters Of Kashmir. Sheer nonsense reviews. BBC News India is touching another low in its journalism. These youngsters are misguided youths backed by the separist and the terror groups. Sooner they understand the reality or they will spoil their lives like other terrorists
This Rajinikanth fan from Japan nails the Tamil dialogue from Kabali DEAR JAPAN CITIZEN, THANK YOU FOR COMING TO CHENNAI, TAMILNADU, INDIA AND SPEAKING IN TAMIL think Tamil movies are popular in Japan I think they enjoy running around the trees and dushum dushum . Hiroko, remember we talked about this?. Unwanted wastage of r money and energy tiz is flop movies in the list is rajinis. Susaanth he better than me . Neel Karnik bhai this is little extreme Vinod Ramesh O. . Victoria Greve. Harivelo Mithun Vikas. Yokesh Jagadeesh Arvind Palanivelu.
As it turns out, not even modern technology can replace their lessons in rational thinking. .
Disease outbreaks can kill thousands of animals very quickly. They hit especially hard if the animals are rare, threatened or fragmented species.
Getting your hands on Tirupati laddoo is not easy. Watch the full video here IndiaonaPlate It is just not sweet It is known as prasadam. It is offered freely in most temples in some variety to devotees in Hindu temples after worshipping the God. It is sacred and divine I am not interested in this at All . but the quality has gone down. yes indeed its very tasty. Prasad from the house god It not sweet BBC It our favorite prasadam. . This is Great .Tradition. ARE YOU SEARCHING FOR A PA TIME JOBS HERE IS A GOOD PA TIME JOB Without investment 100 free and 100 genuine Can earn 10000 to 15000 without affecting your current job WORK FROM HOME 100 earning suppo , No liability No money rotation No product selling No target For more information contact whatsAap your Name, where did you got my no, and your qualification Note WhatsAap Number Is Impo ant For Communication Languages ENGLISH HINDI Must PLEASE DONT CALL ONLY WHATSAPP Contact person UDAYRAJ N SURE. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
Women live longer. And the gap isnt closing either. Questions should be opposite WHY MEN DIE EARLY COMPARED TO WOMEN ? Coz of extreme stress and tension given by the women Women always give tension because our whole life stamina & energy she will taken and also there make up kit suppo ed to her to live life long Wrong conclusion. Women enjoy shopping without any stress, Men has to make the payments judge the stress level yourself All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
Excessively long working hours can cause fatigue and physical andor psychological stress, which potentially damage cognitive functioning. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
The father of Qandeel Baloch speaks out in suppo of his daughter, who was killed by her brother for dishonouring the family A brother who lived on his sister money, killed her bcz she refused to give him money. N call it honour killing Do not judge people by its clothes Judge them by its works and its internal life We just see what people shows us bt we do not see what they dont shows us thats their personal life How funny it is , hum logo Paris attack par onka nation flag profile pic pr lga lete hai yaha tk ki modi ji and mark zuckerberg ki meeting hone par profile pic change krne mai min. Bhi Nhi lgate but indian army ka suppo krne mai deep thought mai chale jate hai This is India where people are killed over petty cow problems Stupid ignorant people If that guy had killed cow instead of her sisister therell be mob lynch But he just killed human being and thats nothing. BBC India are you journalist or philanthropist because there is difference between both term Shame on such family who cant protect its own member from social evils She was brave girl Shame on Pak shame on islam RiP esttaaekaang tty. Reality of Pakistan All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756. Rip.
Is Gujarat the creative capital of Indian ice cream? IndiaOnAPlate Ghanshyam bhai please throw some light on it as you own very well known ice cream parlour in Vadodara. It creative capital of mob attacks and riots. This state is very hot round the year I dont know about ice cream but in Dhokla, Fafda, Thepla, Khakhra most creative . All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
From Iran to India, welcome invader IndiaOnAPlate Main ingredient of Biryani is Rice,Rice is grown where there is heavy rainfall,Rainfall is something which is very scant in Gulf and Persia,so how can they claim that Biryani was invented in Gulf During the time of sahazahan it came to India Zarin you would appreciate this ill bring you some hyderabadi biryani one day 3. Like Indian our food is different but touches the hea s. Dont show these tempting pics I live in hostel, . Invade countries with food, music and films Dan Sethna thanks for bringing us biryani. . Azeem Akhtar,Nima Nouri say what . Selma Brown yum. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756. KellyAnne Johnson. Sharath. india on plate?.
The BBC Justin Rowlatt tries masala chai is this the best cup of tea in the world? Watch the full video at honestly I dont know why we are amazed when people from abroad and come here to enjoy our culture and cuisines. most of foreign people dont even like you going to their country and enjoying their stuff All want to say is they dont really care about us Michael Jackson I neither have any love or hate for this and people need to get normal rather than go haywire with skin colors. enjoy the tea whoever ur, wherever belong to Mr.Rowlatt you couldve have gone anywhere for the masala chai in Delhi which serves the best but chose to have it outside your office HT Building, CP . And saabir doesnt make good tea leave alone masala tea . Seriously after so many decades BBC still chooses to discuss tea from the streets of India . I would never drink tee from street. Mostly the milk they use is synthesizedpoisonous. they are selling poisonous tea. Asif RiazIrfan ChughtaiJohnathan Raveendran chai walla in every street. Freia Lisa Lobo we could have stall in our living room. The best chai. 8080971261. Lovely chai time . . Hmmm need cup of that tea Now Heba Hashem. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756. I often often visit this tea stall. At Barakhamba. Hehehe.
Datta Phuge shot to the limelight in 2013 when he bought shi made with more than 3kg of gold and wo $250,000 PS186,943 . We all desperately waiting for Dr Zakir Naik on your show to clarify all ongoing controversies against him. And why Indian media is literally after him nd trying to declare him as terrorist nd 5million bounty been declared on his head by right wings and RSS. Why this alll I want to know plzz ??. As the saying goes A fool and his gold are soon pa ed. He lived and died it. This is the problem with NEW MONEY, if you know what mean All that gold couldnt save him. Lol this udta mullah phakir naikkkkkk already flied to barbaia ask him to come and face ? Have guts to lunds? is in enough already lunds killed million bangldshs.? Want more india is not middle east mad mullahs should answer nice killings first . then later on sold the shi bought his home back. . All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
Late night visitors to this city in Gujarat, India Since the original Lion of Gujarat, Mr.Modi is in Delhi, his pets are keeping vigil. Surely enough, no harm done Its happen only in india walk pe nikale hai bharat sher We all desperately waiting for Dr Zakir Naik on your show to clarify all ongoing controversies against him. And why Indian media is literally after him nd trying to declare him as terrorist nd 5million bounty been declared on his head by right wings and RSS. Why this alll I want to know plzz ??. Pooja Mehta Varuna Cooblall badly wanted to go there in 2014 but no one wanted to come. Madhura Avachat development in Gujarat. Where ur bhakts at?. Looking to eat hot dogs the real ones P. These Lions are Vegan Night out police work they are doing night petroling. Richard Go 200 kms from my city Far better than isis. All business problem solve solution 919928743756 for whatsapp, get result with 101 full guarantee. specilist LIFE and LOVE problem solve solution vashikaran specilisthusband and wife relationship problem solve solutionlove marriage and inter cast marriage problem solve solutionblack magicetc . Just one call and change your life 100 result . Astrologer baba bala ji . Contact number 919928743756 aap kii jiNdgii ki hr presaanii ko dur kre ghr baitthe vshiikrnn mutthkrnii aapkaa bettaabettii ptipremii kisii ke vsh meN turnt vaaps aapke kdmo meN sautn dushmn chuttkaaraa smaadhaan vshiikrnn kraane ke lie Call kreN kaale ilm mohbbt me naakaamii tlaak kaa mslaa hl smsyaa Call kre 919928743756.
How Snapchat filters are helping Indian rape survivors tell their stories. Watch the full video at We all desperately waiting for Dr Zakir Naik on your show to clarify all ongoing controversies against him. And why Indian media is literally after him nd trying to declare him as terrorist nd 5million bounty been declared on his head by right wings and RSS. Why this alll I want to know plzz ??.
Wish you were here Pakis dont get visa easily all afraid of terrorism This is pa ial correct news this was her second honey moon were she went with her in laws. is she paralysed girl ?? just want to confirm He is with her in spirit. Wish there was some news here aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN Pandit Sumit Sharma 919928743756 gaarNttii se hl kr rhe haiN hm aapke phon pr lddkiyoN aur lddkoN ke rishte smsyaa, any kaastt prem vivaah, apne vyaapaar kii smsyaa, tlaak aur ptiptni anbn, sautn dushmn se chuttkaaraa, shaadii jiivn smsyaa, apne puurv premii ko vaaps, adaalt ke maamle, vivaah meN rukaavtt, ni sNtaan ke ruup meN smsyaa, jiivn kii ktthin se ktthin smaasyo kaa ghr baitthe turnt smaadhaan uupriivshiikrnn baabaajii dvaaraa vshiikrnn kiyaa jaataa hai ab tk hjaaroN logoN ne vshiikrnn kaa laabh utthaayaa hai jb khiiN naa ho kaam hm se lo hr smsyaa kaa smaadhaan hmaarii sevaaeN Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Relationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Love back By Specialist baba Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer Childless problem solution WhatsapNO 9928743756. Shardul Awasthi.
It been long time since anyone tried landing on Venus, one of the most hostile environments in the Solar System. aapke jiivn meN aa rhii smsyaao kaa smaadhaan vo bhii 21 ghNtte meN Pandit Sumit Sharma 919928743756 gaarNttii se hl kr rhe haiN hm aapke phon pr lddkiyoN aur lddkoN ke rishte smsyaa, any kaastt prem vivaah, apne vyaapaar kii smsyaa, tlaak aur ptiptni anbn, sautn dushmn se chuttkaaraa, shaadii jiivn smsyaa, apne puurv premii ko vaaps, adaalt ke maamle, vivaah meN rukaavtt, ni sNtaan ke ruup meN smsyaa, jiivn kii ktthin se ktthin smaasyo kaa ghr baitthe turnt smaadhaan uupriivshiikrnn baabaajii dvaaraa vshiikrnn kiyaa jaataa hai ab tk hjaaroN logoN ne vshiikrnn kaa laabh utthaayaa hai jb khiiN naa ho kaam hm se lo hr smsyaa kaa smaadhaan hmaarii sevaaeN Love marriage specialist baba Love marriage problem solution Relationship problem Solution Intercast love marriage problem solution Love marriage with parents approval Husband Wife Dispute Solvation Divorce problem solution Love back By Specialist baba Love Dispute Problem solutions Match Making for Your Love Understanding Problem in couple Inter Caste Marriage problems Black Magic Tantra Mantra Specialist Business Problem Specialist Astrologer Childless problem solution WhatsapNO 9928743756.
As our video explains, they have been shaped by the process of domestication. Ever heard of ray cat solution. Bet that applies here somehow.
Even for Darwin, the father of evolution, sex was confusing. I like this An asexual species doesnt have to waste time and energy searching for and impressing pa ner . Nobody thinks in better way like that. That the best reason I cant see the reason in this icle, anyone can explain this with simple words ? Huh ?. Good writing Creation itself is confusing without God
The first 5,000 units of the world cheapest sma phone are ready to deliver. Here what we thought of it . I miss your show on BBC International India Business Repo Please come back Many thanks .
but the company has 70 million orders and just 5,000 phones read that they were asking govt to pay them 7.6 billion $. and then only , they would sta delivering it When will you sell in SILIGURI. How to cope with demand?. When will you sell in BHARUCH
The BBC Justin Rowlatt discovers Kolkata king of street food Jhal muri Watch the full video at Hey Justin, do get puffed rice there back home??? recipes of jhaal muri are simple but to keep the muri crispy is not so simple it catches moisture quickly I love this stuff. Bought it on train on the way to Hampi without even knowing what it was. Couldnt get enough of it afterwards. Wish I could make it in the UK Thank you BBC for reviving memories through your excellent series India on plate. Full of infections from dust in the street why do propagate non sense imitating western streets??. Ha Ha Truly its so Tasty , and now Available in London Also Fond memories of Calcutta Victoria memorial Park street and Jhal Muri In the little paper packets. Justin you must visit Bangalore too for diverse Indian taste. should not eat in those newspaper packets. They may contain lead Otherwise super yummyyyyy Oh yes my mother favourite . Very very nice and very very good man. British people knows Indians ignore . its bhel. the vendor while shaking hands u give me monies white man or not ?. Jhal Muri Bhel Puri doesnt even come close to it. Neena Mattoo you got to try this when you there. I hope he reads your comment. In Mumbai you will get at the road footpath while travelling to juhu next to kalaniketan shop really its very tasty snack bhel. Beth Newis you gotta try this
New books for your shelf.
Find out why some songs hit the right note with customers. Dekhiii ha BhaiiB posT ulTER ha Find out why some songs hit the right note with customers. Saab janta haan Sheraz Afzal koooo Apna Bot HA JIGAR BBC India DAte KA MutabIK Juli 2016 Like back BBC India DEkhh LO bot MEra ha Likes D 53 Comments MEri tarrAF sa Bot USeR Sheraz Afzal Script Modified By Saltnat Parween Bot Site saltnatbot,tk 3 Bot Site saltnatbot,cf 3.
Unfo unately, Im Indian. via Scroll Minal Daswani even though you have Brit passpo this is totally wo a read Study visa is not ticket to work visa in UK. One of the reasons why most people from developing countries are avoiding it after the immigration law changed And if lady than it worse Natasha Gupta Sounds familiar??. Nitesh Painuly. ALL WORLD FAMOUS, YOUR PROBLM SOLVE 110 GUREENTE ,VASHIKARAN SPELL GURU BY ASTROLOGY PT PARKASH PANDIT JUST ONE CALL 91 8146861220, YOUR PROBLEM SOLVE DAYS, NUMBER ASTROLOGY, GURU KE GURU Love Marriage , Vashikaran Spell Guru 08146861220 PT PARKASH PANDIT JUST ONE CALL 08146861220 , Relationship problm solution. Vashikaran specialist Baba Black magic specialist Business problem solution Husband and wife vashikaran Child problm solution Pregnant problem solutION Visa problem solution by Astrology love marriage problm solution Hypnotism specialist PT Parkash Panditoger baba Vedic Astrology service Kundali dosh kaal sharp yog, sadhe satti, shani dheiya. Shani dosh ALL PROBLM SOLUTION ONLY ONE CALL NOW 918146861220 .
It been long time since anyone tried landing on Venus. Fascinating . Mybrother.
From Bohri food to Assamese tribal cuisine, India home chefs are pushing culinary boundaries. IndiaOnAPlate
Share books, not selfies. No book based on the knowledge of time to see the future can be found anywhere in the world & knowledge of time is the best knowledge one can have What wonderful thought.
When should you drink your first cup of coffee? Good one After the last cup
If you hit delete, all is not lost.
What can possibly beat chole bhature for sheer spectacle and taste? Watch the whole video at IndiaOnAPlate The most spectacular street food in all India , dude ll die even before knowing all the street food in India it seems so delicious but there lack of hygiene in food handling, would ce ainly try in once in my life and take the risk Yummy,,, Love India,,,,. The Indian street food will never cease to amaze you,of course you need good digestive system and no care attitude for hygiene to really enjoy it. As chef Chefdipen Patel I go India and I never eat in hotels or restaurants quickly anywhere in India as the best food is made street side. Safe to eat to as you know it fresh Totally scared to eat Street food because of hygiene and stuff quality. I had stomach problems many times due to Street food Sharan Vaibhav reminded me of you two . dont dare buy it on the street rstaurant would eb safer love chole bature though FEKKU written off 200 Crores fines of his friend Adani Po and SEZ Ltd APSEZ imposed by The Ministry of Environment and Forests in 2012, for the environmental damage caused by the construction of its po project in Mundra, Gujarat Rija Bano Pagarkar you need to get drunk on this THIS 1. Valay Shah This guy commentary made it such hype meal. Shreyash try this bro as this guy said spectacular chole bhature India Why BBC is not showing dishes in star hotel of India . . . .so much discrimination. Panipuri was like excuse Plss here ur daddy. agr aap Pa Time Job krke 15000 50000 Rs. FIXED INCOME kmaanaa caahte hai to aaiye DIGITAL INDIA ke is Revolutionary concept se juddiye aur ghr se operate karke laakho kmaaye Duniya ka pehle Zero investtmentt ka international MLM business WORLDWIDE JOIN hone ke lie aap apne phon ke PLAYSTORE meN CHAMPCASH FREE likho aur us app ko apne mobaail meN install kr lo ab app pr click kro aur sign up pr click krke apnii ddittels bhr do. SPONSOR ID puuchegaa vhaaN pr 13243960 , ddaal do is ID 13243960 ko khaalii pepr pr likh leN aage jruu pngegii Complete CHALLENGE aur apna id activate karke business se jud jao. 100 legal income transfered in personal bank account through NEFT once month. jy hind all world famous atrologer ALL Problaem Solution In Your Life 24 Hours by MAULANA SALEEM JI call now and chat on whatsapp 919636883774And 101 Guranteed Love Problem Solution Vashikaran Specialist Relationship Problem Solution,call now 919636883774Every Love Problem Solution, The Lord Of Vashikaran And Black Magic SpecialistThe Lord Of Hypnotism And Spell Specialist, Intercast Love Marriage Specialist, Intercast Love Problem Solution Online Love Vashikaran Specialist, Divorce Problem Solution, Family Problem Solution, Get Your Love Back Get Your Love Back By Black Magic, Get YOur Love Back By Vashkaran, Get Your Love Back By Hypnotism Get Your Love Back By Spell, Get Your Love Back By Vashikaran Mantra, Get Your LOVE Back By Black Spell Get Your Ex Love Back, Get Your Ex Lover Back, Husband Wife Problem Solution, 919636883774 Husband Wife Problems Solutions Black Magic Specialist call now 919636883774aapke jiivn kii hr muskil se muskil smsyaao kaa smaadhaan kiyaa jaayegaa , siddhiyo , shktiyo aur saadhnaa kaa cmtkaar ghr baitthe dekhe 100 gaarNttiidd upaay kiyaa jaayegaa lv mairij , premipremikaa phaimilii ko mnaanaa apnaa khoyaa pyaar vaaps paaye vshikrnn krvaanaa tudddhvaanaa, kaam kaarobaar clnaa gRh klesh sautn dushmn se chuttkaaraa saas bhu pti ptnii me jhgdddhaa shaadii vivaah tlaak me derii MAULANA JI kii chottii sii slaah aap kaa jivn bdl shkti hai caaroN trph se dukhii jivn se niraash vykti ek baar baabaajii ke khne pr phaun jrur kre chat on whatsapp 919636883774. Very very nice and very very good food and for me Pakistan zindabad punjabi. . Omg I love chole bhature
The actor had spoken out against animal sacrifice Ha ha ha truth hu And yes one more thing, when statements of Khanaiya Kumar got denfended in the garb of freedom of speech and expression Then why not the same would be extended to Irfan Khan oh I see perhaps in the eyes of so called intellectuals it would injure the secular feature of India That laughable in fact Actor commenting on practice of animal sacrifice and on observing fast is not correct,this practice has come from immemmorial time,such an unreasoning comment is going is not only hu the sentiment of the pa icular community who have faithnin practicing,but also going to land him in unwanted contravercy It takes courage to give such comment said wht many superstars couldnt say in fear of loosing fan following hats off to u real superstar All of you pseudo intellectuals quick to endorse an opinion against Islam, only if you had the courage to condemn Hindus drinking cow pee and eat it poo Which is far far worse act than eating healthy goat meat. Dull headed bigots. All religions have the problem of misrepresentation and make people spend money quoting religious practice by the priest class In Islam the degree is more and dissent is violently punished ex Taslima case No doubt U great actor , isnt mean ur great philosopher irfan khan sir apko pehle iska history janna cahiye uske bad mein comments I hope understand. You are my superstar sir not only in reel life But also in real life Heads of Irrfan Sir Religion will either make you terrorist ,or will leave you with nothing Either way every religion is stupid . bbc it was not directed remark towards any religion Do check his statement . Well done irfan. You are among the very few who understand Islam in true sense Just before movie release the naachnewaale have opinions about everything under the sun from religion to corruption. Irrfan Khan has no sense of Fasting so he has not understood the benefits of Ramzan Fastings He is fool nd just believing stones. I suppo irfan khan any day and at any time regarding this issue I think he is Ill. It is difficult to get single Muslim suppo ing him.
The Tejas is touted by Indian defence officials as the smallest lightweight, singleengine, tactical fighter aircraft in the world. Modi Ji upgrade Tejas T1,T2,T3,T4,T5 Project is already delayed Feeling proud for having Tejas Big thing MadeinIndia But this machine was not developed in years . But why Pakistan is trembling
One new genus and five new species of fanthroated lizards have been found in the drier pa of India. what caption salute.
A whopping 99 of the park is actually underwater.
In the grand scheme of things, you are tiny blip on the Ea surface. Recognising that fact may make you better person. Learn more all world famous atrologer ALL Problaem Solution In Your Life 24 Hours by MAULANA SALEEM JI call now and chat on whatsapp 919636883774And 101 Guranteed Love Problem Solution Vashikaran Specialist Relationship Problem Solution,call now 919636883774Every Love Problem Solution, The Lord Of Vashikaran And Black Magic SpecialistThe Lord Of Hypnotism And Spell Specialist, Intercast Love Marriage Specialist, Intercast Love Problem Solution Online Love Vashikaran Specialist, Divorce Problem Solution, Family Problem Solution, Get Your Love Back Get Your Love Back By Black Magic, Get YOur Love Back By Vashkaran, Get Your Love Back By Hypnotism Get Your Love Back By Spell, Get Your Love Back By Vashikaran Mantra, Get Your LOVE Back By Black Spell Get Your Ex Love Back, Get Your Ex Lover Back, Husband Wife Problem Solution, 919636883774 Husband Wife Problems Solutions Black Magic Specialist call now 919636883774aapke jiivn kii hr muskil se muskil smsyaao kaa smaadhaan kiyaa jaayegaa , siddhiyo , shktiyo aur saadhnaa kaa cmtkaar ghr baitthe dekhe 100 gaarNttiidd upaay kiyaa jaayegaa lv mairij , premipremikaa phaimilii ko mnaanaa apnaa khoyaa pyaar vaaps paaye vshikrnn krvaanaa tudddhvaanaa, kaam kaarobaar clnaa gRh klesh sautn dushmn se chuttkaaraa saas bhu pti ptnii me jhgdddhaa shaadii vivaah tlaak me derii MAULANA JI kii chottii sii slaah aap kaa jivn bdl shkti hai caaroN trph se dukhii jivn se niraash vykti ek baar baabaajii ke khne pr phaun jrur kre chat on whatsapp 919636883774.
India is home to around half of the world tigers, and in several pa of the country, some local tribes coexist fairly happily with tigers. So happy to hear that. Such tolerant and multifaceted country. Keep going. We can learn lot from you. . . Save the tiger s. all world famous atrologer ALL Problaem Solution In Your Life 24 Hours by MAULANA SALEEM JI call now and chat on whatsapp 919636883774And 101 Guranteed Love Problem Solution Vashikaran Specialist Relationship Problem Solution,call now 919636883774Every Love Problem Solution, The Lord Of Vashikaran And Black Magic SpecialistThe Lord Of Hypnotism And Spell Specialist, Intercast Love Marriage Specialist, Intercast Love Problem Solution Online Love Vashikaran Specialist, Divorce Problem Solution, Family Problem Solution, Get Your Love Back Get Your Love Back By Black Magic, Get YOur Love Back By Vashkaran, Get Your Love Back By Hypnotism Get Your Love Back By Spell, Get Your Love Back By Vashikaran Mantra, Get Your LOVE Back By Black Spell Get Your Ex Love Back, Get Your Ex Lover Back, Husband Wife Problem Solution, 919636883774 Husband Wife Problems Solutions Black Magic Specialist call now 919636883774aapke jiivn kii hr muskil se muskil smsyaao kaa smaadhaan kiyaa jaayegaa , siddhiyo , shktiyo aur saadhnaa kaa cmtkaar ghr baitthe dekhe 100 gaarNttiidd upaay kiyaa jaayegaa lv mairij , premipremikaa phaimilii ko mnaanaa apnaa khoyaa pyaar vaaps paaye vshikrnn krvaanaa tudddhvaanaa, kaam kaarobaar clnaa gRh klesh sautn dushmn se chuttkaaraa saas bhu pti ptnii me jhgdddhaa shaadii vivaah tlaak me derii MAULANA JI kii chottii sii slaah aap kaa jivn bdl shkti hai caaroN trph se dukhii jivn se niraash vykti ek baar baabaajii ke khne pr phaun jrur kre chat on whatsapp 919636883774.
If you cant figure out how to make your culture work , youre in big trouble.
Photoshopped or real? Everything now days photoshop gimmics. Kanchan Ghosh.
Have you had romantic encounter while travelling? Did it sta with fun pickup line?
India dying Irani cafes. Watch the full video at IndiaOnAPlate Iranian cafes were delight to go in .neat,peaceful and friendly. With morning visit one gets peace of mind and zest to sta the hectic day. They are now only memories Fond memories of Mumbai Irani cafes Fo unately places like the Sodaopenerwala in Delhi are keeping alive the spirit of our beloved Irani cafes . Ansh Jain.
Even before you took your first breath, your brain was already learning, exploring and adapting. A project in London is cha ing its journey in astonishing detail. Find out more here
Many people around the world still struggle to put food on the table despite being in fulltime employment. The debate over what amount is enough for minimum wage is hotly contested. Read more to find out how minimum wage varies in different pa of the world Yeah it tough in India Yes is very tough in nigeria.
Ever wonder where marmite, gelatin, and molasses came from?
Why are female apes are irritable?
She was retested after she said political science was about cooking Instead of sending her jail Try to check out law and order in Bihar. This is not the solution Want education then be loke human Not like monster Rule to improve Not for throne. Dear BBC. Dont find anything good to represent India. ?? Dont find any good news. ??. So far, 52 Kashmiris ma yred & more than 1000 injured and blinded by pellets in the last week by Indian Army. Kashmiris only want what UN has already given them the right to plebiscite to decide their own fate. IstandwithKashmir. dont think the fault is her but the case is with every bihar child and the cause for this all are the problems of education system in bihar dalal are their in every village school so need to think. Let the criminals go to jail,dont spare even calling them juveniles. It will encourage others too. I liked the news channel for showing the Biharis real picture Why to taget her. She already has enough to ashamed of. Its Her parents who are be arrested and punished along with all chain. Sadi Karwa Do Bechari Ko, Khana Pakayegi Anyway For her Pol. Science means Cooking LOL. Invigilators were sleeping ? Or were the examiners her uncles?. She should not sent jail her spo ers & this di system should have been punished. arresting student is not enough all culprits mst be arrested. well it was wrong act but she should not have sent to jail System should improve that how come someone easily give bribe to get pass?. Then send jail almost all Bihar candidate who give 10th and 12th exam . Poor girl caught up for her name suddenly it all P shining bright . Sick Action pls first correct system. Automatically they will change Sending her to jail is not solution, the system needs to change. Also too much emphasis is given to scoring top marks and too much pressure on children to score top marks. Top scores do not necessarily mean the student understands the subjects Police try to find out who is the master mind and arrest who is involved in this act.
This socalled Devils hole pupfish survives within one of the driest places in the world.
Are you damaging your hearing without realising it? these are the inventions of the english why you are now have concern today BBC??. Please implement by urself then talk. Praneeth Chowdary.
The world cheapest beer.
Did you know The samosa is probably the world first fast food? IndiaOnAPlate But now days we get all late night veggies stuffed, the next day, beware . Roozbeh Rezai maybe Thaxter was right all those years ago . Vasudha Sharma A brief history of your favourite snack. But it not fast in cook Takes lot time.
Is cancer inevitable?
The crossdressing gents of the 1800s.
How much of your body is actually you?
Recreating the world oldest known curry IndiaOnAPlate Watch the full video here WE R STILL STUCK WITH THE CUSTOMARY CURRY SHOULD MOVE BEYOND TO SOMETHING MORE EXOTIC TO GET MORE CUSTOMERS TO LIKE OUR DISHES
How do you cook the world oldest curry? Watch the full video at Kaj worlds oldest curry really . Its pawbhji not curry. What was that ??? Didnt get to see the whole cooking . Im gonna look up the recipe now Sheetal Chadha. Juspreet Sandhu more things to watch late at night. Grate oppo unity To All of My Facebook Friend. Now You Can make money Online through your Android Phone. Watch this given link Video of Champcash. and try at Once. 1. Just Install Champcash app on your android mobile Phone 2. Signup with your Details, 3. Fill ReferSponsor ID 1030457 if required 4. than Listen Audio carefully. 5. complete the task Given on your Screen. one by one. than your ID Will Activate and you will Get 1$ as bonus. and now ypu will also eligible to become millaniars. NOTE any of My Friends can Do This and Make Money. its graet Chance for all. For More Details you can msg on FB
Watch this video from the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory to discover more about Ea secret companion.
Infrastructure investment hasnt stopped China. Yeah in the process damage the Heritage sites damage the ecology damage the enviorment and last not the least displace the native indigenous people in the name of development with no remorse at all Suppo China science and technology .
Why was there discrepancy between the two lab tests, and why did it take so long for second repo to come out? killing cow is banned in up other pa of india and killing human being is Okay shame on those people who call themselves true hindu It is really shameful for the nation if the meat was beef then it justify the murder of this man??its really shameful that investigating is for the type of meat over the murder of humanity. This man will cost BJP very dear in UP elections and general elections in 2019.When people of India keep quite they are determined Whatsoever it was. the killing of akhlaaq cannot be justified Disgrace and inhuman that meat test is being considered as if it can justify murder It is shame on the lab technicians for failure in how to prove beef or mutton So what if it was beef And does it change the fact that human being was brutally murdered by mob ?. What you are trying to say , If it is beef then killing of Akhlak is Okey . Any repo are useless. Because nothinng gonna happen with that bloody people . it is act only to show the world Mystery . I am shocked about bbc mind Have you taken beef. beef has banned in up why akhlak killed innocent animal. Bullish what eat it my which what eat am Indian in d Country no one tell me what to eat Hindu dont eat they problem what they make of it mother sister daughter wife it which do make aether to do that do you eat goat chicken eggs drink milk is from cow do Hindu sale to cow meat out of India sale your mother. Why BBC trying to sta communal wars . Chi chi shame in that person. It very sad, Always divide and rule. Suppo eat rights. If he killed cow then he got murdered .now who murdered who is responsible? Salman jaylalitha akhlaq aurushi Shina bora Ziya khan Justice NOT done. I bow my head down. Thats modification lie ruling Bharath in front telling Deshprem and killing jawan father
Eating di can even become an addiction, an impulsive act hidden from others. Can it be good for us? Only snake it di Human who eat di are possess He needs deliverance . ex. bbc india.
Why did it face such long road to success? Unce ainty
The world most extreme sleeptalker.
Thank Jack Hebner, the 70yearold surfing swami
How can country history, geography, culture, politics and religion be squeezed into one design? This was year ago. We didnt change our flag. FOR BOT CONTACT BABAR_ALI FREE SITE PakCyberA ,Gq OWNER BABAR ALI .
it great fun to see men waiting at the bus stop while our bus just drives past them. It Good to have women only bus But feeling of GREAT FUN seeing men wait is utter shame Everyone is born equal. You are no special But people with bad intentions can attack easily and in my view security should be must for only women buses so that at some point of time they could feel and be safe. its very good I suppo sta services for university students also women and sta male only buses also. This is empowerment of women or demoralizing men . And this is equality 3. Just replace the word women with man see how sexist this post will become Great. Happy for the ladies that they have some reason to be happy, in these difficult times . . gud step in view of islamic SHARIYAH woman driver for woman bus that wil be more good. . Ladies only buses were introduced because the azadi youth and middleaged men of Kashmir are notorious eve teasers .If men are seen waiting for the buses, it is not women fault
The cou called the 2002 Gulbarg massacre in the Gujarat riots the darkest day in the history of civil society Darkest was when mughals ruled India do during British rule. And now killer talking to save the nation. The Poor Foot Soldiers going to Jail while the REAL PERPETRATORS enjoying their stint in Power SHAME on India Shame on Indian Judicial System . 1984 was brightest they thinks ?. not enough. Shame on judiciary. People who orchestrated the violence walk free. Death penalty. modi is mdrr all indian known congress has no power to stop rss ngga nach.cngress mp jafri sr killed but congress do nothing for him because he was muslim.in india congress is going to bad condition day by day due to loss muslim other piecefull peoples faith. Gujarat riots India cou jails 11 for life over Gulbarg massacre 17 June 2016 India A cou in India has sentenced 11 people to life in prison for their roles in notorious massacre during the 2002 antiMuslim riots in Gujarat. Of the 24 people convicted for the socalled Gulbarg Society killings, 12 were jailed for seven years while one man was sentenced to 10 years. During the attack, 69 people were hacked and burned to death by mob. More than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, died in the riots, sparked by fire on train that killed 60 Hindu pilgrims. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who was the state chief minister at the time, say he did little to stop the riots. The special cou in Ahmedabad called the incident the darkest day in the history of civil society . However, Zakia Jafri, the wife of Ehsan Jafri, prominent Muslim politician and former Congress pa MP, who was among those killed, has expressed disappointment at the sentencing. I was there when Ehsaan Jafri was killed, it not justice at all, she told repo ers. Survivors of the Gulbarg massacre say he fired his gun in selfdefence as the mob attacked the complex. Mrs Jafri says her husband called Mr Modi for help but it never came. Gulbarg Society killings 69 people died in the attack on 28 February 2002 Bungalows and flats in the society were looted and burnt 66 people were accused in connection with the massacre six died before and during the trial and one is still being sought by police The trial began on September 2009 338 witnesses, including eight women, were examined Mr Modi has always denied any wrongdoing and has not apologised for the riots. A Supreme Cou panel also refused to prosecute him in 2013, citing insufficient evidence. The violence was initially investigated by the Gujarat police and subsequently by an independent Special Investigation Team SIT appointed by the Supreme Cou in 2008. The Gulbarg massacre was among 10 key incidents in the riots being investigated by the SIT. Some of these cases have brought convictions. In August 2012, cou sentenced 31 people, including Maya Kodnani, an exminister and aide to the then chief minister Narendra Modi, to life for their pa in murdering 97 people in Naroda Patiya, suburb of Ahmedabad. Ms Kodnani was granted bail on health grounds in 2014. In April 2012, cou sentenced 18 people to life imprisonment for the murder of 23 Muslims in Ode village in Anand district. Five others were given seven years and another 23 were acquitted. In November 2011, cou sentenced 31 people to life in prison for burning to death 33 Muslims near Sardarpura village
The brightest life on Ea h.
The to oise in south India lost both front legs in suspected mongoose attack and this is how she rolls now.
Fashion has roots, which is why we see tradition holding its ground. FOR BOT CONTACT BABAR_ALI FREE SITE PakCyberA ,Gq OWNER BABAR ALI .
Available apa ments have become harder to find. FOR BOT CONTACT BABAR_ALI FREE SITE PakCyberA ,Gq OWNER BABAR ALI .
This unusual Formula simulation turns the driver into tactician.
Well played Sushma Swaraj She is hilarious .
A series of maps of India showing these shifts from AD till the rule of the Delhi Sultanate. via Scroll When and who gave the name Hindu to the habitants of India. What the actual meaning of this word and origin of this word Hindu Did found an empire named Chutiya in last pic number 24 only this empire justified why it dint last long. look while how the changes made its very interesting when you go deeply Fantastic. On factual note at around 900 AD, the map should probably po ray the Kanauj Triangle, the tripa ite struggle between the Pratihara empire, Pala empire and the Rashtrakuta empire Very much useful information Good presentation. Liked very much Very good icle sorry but those are not maps of india, there was no India before British rule. Is ko kehty hain ghar me ghuss marna.pakistan army reached near kabul Long live Pak army Earn Rs. 15000 50000 month from your android mobile through networking. Install Champcash app from playstore, register and enter sponsor id 2024896. Complete challenge. We will contact once you join. first ZERO investment Business Not India,Of sub_continent. Impo ant information Online Job Earn While You Browse No Investment No Registration Fee Free Joining Earn $1000 to $10000 Per Month Earned Money Direct Transfer to your Bank Account each Month Or Through PayPal Payza Only Android Sma phone is Required Join this Job & It Will Change Your Life How For Joining 1Download Champcash Apps from Play Store 2Enter Refer ID of Sponsor As 3956912 3Registration Successful land You Joined. 4Now You will See your Sign Up Bonus $1.00 . 5Invite your Friends of WorldWide via WhatsApp,Facebook, etc. Through INVITE & EARN Panel and Earn unlimited 6 To Earn More Click on Income Junction Offer walls . 7 You will Earn each time You Installs offer Completes Surveys from income junction plan. 8 You can Earn $1 $2 Weekly Just from these options. How to Earn Unlimited Invite your Maximum Friends on Champcash through Invite and Earn and ask them to Follow above steps daily. As many offers they installs and as many surveys they completes you will earn each and every time. You will Earn Upto Levels . You Can use Income Junction Feature for Free of Cost upto 15 days. To take more benefit from it you can Upgrade its Pro version after 15 days. As Many of your Friends Activate Pro version of income junction you will Earn From $1 $3.5 Each Time . So Friends Lets Rock the World and Earn Like Champion champcash.
The holy trifecta of beer. Earn Rs. 15000 50000 month from your android mobile through networking. Install Champcash app from playstore, register and enter sponsor id 2024896. Complete challenge. We will contact once you join. first ZERO investment Business
How one man learned to work in two worlds.
Journalist and author Ahmed Rashid says Pakistan is finding itself increasingly friendless among its neighbours These are just bunkums britishers capitalist country shekspear worked in slaughter house become famouse play writter he fond out the nerve of the people people interested in kingdom aaap ke enemy irish people going to destry peole
Are these images of people or other species?
It not the mistakes that define you, it what you do with them. belovedpm onetime khabari of your britishraj rssman please explain him
The hidden prejudice shaping the world. Public Bot Site Feelkro.tk _____ M3HTAB PRABH NAS33R ABHIJITH _______ ANISH MALIK MANZOOR ASIF 3. EARN MONEY FROM ANDROID MOBILE WITH OUT INVESTMENT 100 FREE APPLICATION KNOW AS CHAMPCASH. 1.OPEN PLAYSTORE ON YOUR ANDROID MOBILE TYPE CHAMPCASH INSTALL IT. 2.PUT REFF ID 3297202 3.INSTALL ALL APPLICATIONS BY AS GIVEN THERE ACCORDINGLY. 4.YOU WILL GET A LIST OF MAXIMUM 10 APP TO INSTALL AS SOON AS YOU COMPLETE THIS PROCESS YOUR CHAMPCASH APP WILL OPEN AND YOUR REFF ID WILL GET ACTIVE AND YOU GET 1$ BONUS. 5.THEN GO TO INVITE AND EARN AND STA REFF OTHERS. 6.WE GET PAYMENT IN WAYS 1.BANK ACCOUNT REDEEM IS MIN 10$. 2.RECHARGE LEAVING THE BONUS AMOUNT 1$ .MAX 50RS RECHARGE PER DAY. 3.WORLDS 1ST COMPANY WITH 100 FREE WITHOUT INVESTNMENT CONCEPT . NO LIABILITY NO MONEY ROTATION NO PRODUCT SELLING HOW DOES THE COMPANY GIVES MONEY WITHOUT TAKING ANY INVESTMENT ? ITS IS GENERATING MONEY FROM THE ADVE ISER WHICH YOU INSTALL ON YOUR MOBILES PUT REFer ID 3297202 CALL OR WHATSAPP Earn More Panel Features 1. You Will Earn Every time you Install App. 2. You will Earn Every time Your Team Members Install Any App. 3. You can redeem it Instantly. 4. You can Earn Fixed Income through Earn More Panel. 5. We are First Company in World Who is Giving RePurchasing Income From team without Any investment. How Much You can Earn Through Earn More Suppose You Have Team of 5000 Persons upto levels and if 5000 persons installs apps per week And if You gets Rs. Per Person then You can Earn Rs. 10,000 Per week Very Easily. Apps Per Week 2 Team 5000 Persons Earning Per Person Eg for Apps Rs 2 Income Per Week 5000x2 Rs 10,000 Income Per Month Rs. 40,000 Champcash Full Plan Powerpoint PPT in English Champcash Full Plan Powerpoint PPT in Hindi
Some claim the microbes secrets could unlock the key to immo ality.
The answer in the evolution of your gripping hands
The 52yearold tourist had lost her way in Delhi Paharganj area and approached the men to ask for directions. And leftists and kejriwalas say Modi govt is not working Social outcast for the entire family and castration for the criminals let me see how many parents sleep peacefully just because they gave bi to boys who cannot be raped and so the honour of the family stays intact you guys make my blood boil Shame on such families Delhi witness such incidents regularly. To be hanged near india gate in front of public Death must be the only penalty. I think there should be concentration camp like treatment for the rapists or atleast mutilation of their organ so they cannot commit the crime again Hanged till death should given to this kind of creature Y only life sentence ? Should be hang to DEATH Lot of animal there who hides in the day light in delhi, but by night will out hunt Why not sentenced to death?. they should be burnt alive or shoot them in public Hang them till death for messaging to others Sentence to death. this should be.
Is Lewis Carroll tale really about sex, drugs, and colonialism? Or is it about eating disorders? BOT SITE ibot.tk 8 Download Script kinghelp.heck.in OWNER LUCKE SINGH PUNJABBOTTERTEAM 3.
Anurag Kashyap speaks to BBC about why he is not accepting the cuts to Udta Punjab. Watch the full interview here the vry true image is now gona show of pb but sme political failure try to cover it no need to cut any pa of it sir we with Why are you doing badnam our Punjab for Money?. Wats wrong with censor board. How people coment without seeing the movie ? These people are great visualisers anurag thakur BBC India dont even know the correct name ?. BBC India rsoierie ? vy Aoais cn l phei letsbot.tk . Why do feel that am living in INDIA these days ? Why do feel that our politicians are better than KUJLIWALL? And why do feel that Delhi is not democracy anymore ? This is the very reason that the young and talented youth of this country does not wish to work or live in delhi. On every stage of their life , people are put under stresses due to issues like Sickularism,Islamism , pa iality , discrimination , political vendetta and bootlicking The whole delhi, , Whole Kerala, whole Bengal whole bollywood stands infavor of islamization CBFC chairman Pahlaj_Nihalani , BJP are not ready boot lick Islamists Is this mature country ? Is this grown up country ? Is this democratic country ? The more I love this country , the more this country disappoints me All types of islamic mafias evalngical missonaries , drug mafia , extorsion mafia etc etc exist in our country . And what do these ssickulars do about it ? they openly suppo UdtaPunjab for political gains, Great Mr Kujliwala Delhi Mayor , You cannot make India grow by only singing Bhaarat tera tokada hoge Insha allha insha allha but you must remove all the above challenges first. Only then the youth of this country will love it . P. As promised Modi has developed India. He has developed india into authoritarian state where only government dictates what people will eat, drink, wear, watch, listen and also whom they will marry and what religion they will follow. From luvjehad to beefban from gharwapsi to movieban this goverment is slowly entering in every aspect of our life and interfering in people personal affair. Modi has history of running government in authoritarian manner and this is evident even in his stint as PM. In last years he has not addressed even single press conference facing direct questions from media. On other hand he has used goverment controlled Doordashan and AIR to broadcast his Mann Ki Baat where he feeds his own views down the throat of people. Like any other authoritarian leader he likes only one way communication. May be people of Gujarat where tolerant enouh to tolerate him as supreme leader but india is not Gujarat and people in india have enjoyed their freedom in last 60 years and they will not accept that democratically elected PM is turning into some supreme leader like Hitler.Time has come when all Indians should unite and stand tall against this authoritarian leader and his government. This is not fight of Udtapunjab, it is fight of all those indian who are living in fear under this regime and want their freedom of expression back. Jai hind. Bharat Mata Ki Jai.
A manmade, porous uper sponge that soaks up pollutants before it hits the atmosphere could be our latest weapon in the fight against global warming.
Cross breeding with the American crocodile is one of the biggest threats to the species survival.
Hot off the press.
These days, you can create an office space wherever you go.
Sometimes we have the idea that the reader reads books to escape difficulties I think that where we confront them. Lionel Shriver.
One of the reasons why Marilyn Monroe remains such potent and visible icon of beauty and glamour is because she never grew old in front of the cameras.
Why Mexico ambassador in Delhi rides rickshaw Even I have been thinking about it lately, it is just like bike but with rooftop to protect from the sunrain. It CNG operated with considerable mileage. The ride are comfo able, it would be just like driving the Scooter I grew up driving with. Maybe if there is some customise version, I would love to try someday . Now if she is willing to defame India then she shuld go ahead nd come to parliament in freaking rickshaw the most eco friendly vehicle. bloody hypocrites Yes it great idea instead of buying bikes auto is best choice in terms protection, joy of journey and comfo I will try this in my real life too I like her gut,normally these consulate people buy larger than life cars,because people of the country are paying for it,I know of another case where consul general is using bike The best adve isement of Mexico Very clever Congratulations from chalogreece.in. Sonal Bhatia apparently you cant judge everyone riding in an auto . If indian politicians compulsory come on autorikshaw so they resign the post. mexicans have always been cheesy hope you understand . I am dealer of Tvs Weeler in Andhra Pradesh, kurnool. And I am proud of become Tvs dealer. Mean people will think this is to de fame India but I salute Mexico it means alot. coool. Mr Modi Please Take Note From MEXICO An Old Culture every one have his own passion style choice she have her nice style baby. And Why Not . truely Mr Gadhvi, your thoughts? . walk through road.
Visit any town or city, and youre likely to see them everywhere. But where are their babies? In the absence of natural predators in the urban sprawl, pigeons should be classified as pests and treated as such. They are vector for multiple ailments A simple awareness campaign This awareness campaign is not for the religious fanatics fundamentalistblinds or any human traffickers The global warming is at its dangerous level. The South East Asian countries have become the worst victim of the nature If you aware, please do aware others about this today. Overpopulation and deforestation is the main cause of this. Let us create pressure on our govt to introduce adopt bi control family planning as compulsory national policy. The air, water and land everything is polluted The human traffickers gone mad to do cruel business with human life by kidnapping and selling them NO job, NO shelter, NO education, NO food, only the number of people increasing all around. If really care enough, please raise your voice for bi control family planning . Another stupid icle from BBC. And to those who havent seen baby pigeons, well True where the babies . Corner of my balcony Every body would have seen pigeons babies but nobody wouldnt have seen crow babies Issue of nonpayment delayed payment to farmers against delivered paddydo not get MSP of paddy in Bihar. After paddy production, farmer do more effo for MSP of paddy, but despite of mentally harassed , do not get MSP of paddy to mostly farmers of Bihar state. Minimum suppo price of paddy in year 201516 prescribed govt. rate is Farmer is giving and 5kgquint. paddy as bribe forced for selling paddy to PACS or VAYAPAR MANDAL Main problem is that there do not get receipt of given paddy by farmer from PACS and both PACS and miller is be collusion. PACS misguide to farmer that PACS avoid to directly receive paddy from farmers and say to farmers that deposit paddy near miller. But govt. say that payment of MSP of paddy is paid by PACS. Those farmer give and 5kgquintal paddy as bribe to PACS, Their payment of MSP paddy is paid by PACS, but those framer dont give bribe, their payment of MSP of paddy is not paid by PACS, paid by miller below MSP of PADDY. Many farmers complain to D.M. top level officerdepa mental secretary about this corruption irregularities in paddy procurement in Bihar but not action on this corruptionmatter. Fully, entire system cooperative depa ment, Bihar involved in paddy procurement in Bihar has became failure. Farmer do not get profit of MSP of paddy prescribed rate by Bihar Govt. due to some corrupt officer and middleman. Govt. has purchased paddy from rare farmers, and mostly farmers are deprived to profit of MSP of paddy in Bihar. I have received audio recording conversation from source between PACS of GAYA district and farmer talking about selling paddy in which PACS is demanding money as bribe. This audio tape strong evidence prove that corruption is really in paddy procurement in BIHAR. So, I request that kindly help and cooperate to make payment of paddy MSP of farmer of Bihar state I grown up while playing with their babies. Come in my home. I have seen baby pigeon & I have photo also.
Which car wore red best?
There oil buried in these hills feeding littleknown natural phenomenon if you know where to look.
Intelligence doesnt mean that you are more rational or sensible.
There are lots of exciting narratives beyond Bollywood. via Scroll Actually regional languages cn express reality well than Bollywood Marathi Bengali Kannada other language movie did it there is luck of real in the Bollywood vacuum could be filled only by regional language movies after all it film we dont need to knw tht lang to understand it What is the meaning of love? Only God and Saint knows the knowledge of love We seen the love in the world is only timepass and we can,t see the love is true lovedevotion Many saint experience this love by devotion . yup we can save money on the spines off remakes.
The boy parents had abandoned him in the forest, home to brown bears, for misbehaving Brave boy and idiot parents . Thanks to all the effo s.
How AI will solve traffic.
We want Hindus to be prepared for any eventuality. Of course, the threat from across the borders is significant but the situation within the country is no less. First learn to treat fellow being with respect and dignity.Have tolerance for other religions.Then you will be safe. If you are behaving like Indian ISIS No. This is just an exercise to keep one self. Otherwise to BBC one day dandiya will look more dangerous. Some People are dying to give Hindus terrorists name. Hindus are by and large peaceful Instead they are threat to the civilians. This proves they dont believe in the Constitution or law of the land. Hindu terrorism going in India like this. Plz wait some days , months ,years . they will be threat for themselves . surely it is going to happen This is called Hindu Terrorism. Looks like ready to chase away some wild foxes is it really necessary? appear ridiculous,isnt it?. But they picks invaded muscles by beating through closewisse attention that not work?. Come with me Darling I Wii give allday all night training with my Good kashmir is coming so we have to ready Dis time we will not be threatened and Invaded give them guns send them to pakistan borders lol let chk their skills.
Replug Meet the women who have been leading the fight against the totally unacceptable practice in India. Cou cant ban it as India doesnt lie under Uniform Civil Code legally So Muslims committee can challenge cou order and use this, whenever they find suitable Its Muslim. Three months three talak. Till then the woman should be in the house. Read sura nisa I have not seen single incident in my life,,,,,,, there is no stupid to do that,,,,,,,,,this is just academic topic only. 22 Muslim nations have already moved on. We must also It must be banned Triple talak is against Islam. Please read the Quran. 22 muslim countries including pakistan and bangladesh banned it.
In deep space lies upervoid that could be the biggest structure ever known. All prays to ALLAH who is creator of all things and whatever in it Sorry, I just sneezed. Ill clean it up, come time
A story of how one woman left behind the jetset life, found success and returned to her family.
Most of us do it, but few of us will admit to it. Because our forefathers chimpanzee,guerilla do this.Anyway,it our nose and we can poke it whenever we like?. Kenneth John Stengline could be good reading lesson p. why not ?.
Beautiful isnt always better.
Despite the name, the panama hat has always been made in Ecuador. Can you believe what expe say? If they arent Ecuadorian. Actually in Ecuador in many places especially on Sierra are made lot of paja toquilla hats and not all of the panama hats are from Montecristi, there are lot of people around Ecuador who makes it and it is nice traditional element, by the way it was loosing the tradition it was like for ten years, but now I think that it is well known around Ecuador and many international and national stores wants to sell it.
This whale sings song like no other. Some say it wanders alone across the Pacific Ocean, crying out for companionship that never comes. It having whale of time.
Building Britain classic car by hand.
Diversity was everywhere.
Have they found the key to joy? Alan Lobo Vipul Pradeep Rege Kaushal Moye Rakhee Kaushal Moye Sanket Shanbhag.
Trade, the collapse of colonialism, and 20th Century sociopolitical reform all played role in the spread of HIV. Justnow Click Bot Y Site M3HTAB PRABH NAS33R ABHIJITH ANISH 3 MAIRI SHAHID SALMAN NOOR SID SHIZA 3 3.
Many of our favourite foods are not the ticking time bomb we have been led to believe. All these do ,dont applicable only on the people who have access to the foods three times day and no worry to earn about their next food but people who stuggling to get anything to eat for just one time day they dont fear any thing about their food ,how it is made and were it comes from . Hunger person only see food nothing else. Carcinogen Potassium Bromate was found in many popular white breads of top brands. Like this page if you Are indian Jai Hind.
From leaps forward in evolution to devastating asteroid impacts, these were the turning points that shaped our world.
India iconic Taj Mahal has been threatened in recent weeks by insect poo. To put it in nutshell . Asians and other dont have maintainance culture. The west we abhor about Do have the impo ance to maintain. They have the pride in even in the shoes watches they make. Let alone buildings I know it because of green technology Swachh Varat Bass were you flying above?. Tajmahal is the best ugly building in the world. Are they peeing everywhere excuse population. Come and see Malaysia highway or public toilets for that matter All filthy public toilets were closed stage by stage. Of course have to pay 20 cents
The search for the world best apple.
He always wanted job that would let him circle the globe. So he signed up to be seasonal flight attendant. Web Design and Development Company
Archaeologists have now managed to reconstruct the exact sequence of events at one of the oldest funerals feasts ever recorded.
Does bottling things up have upsides? duh it sta from your royal family ,that william doesnt hold kate around her waist . job job job digital India by work online whithoud invesment Some 200 400 yourself mightily, I boy girls who need to sit at home and work with my team could make your job posting is just an add on Facebook and What App. Can earn good money without penny is quite conventional in his pa time. If you are interested then I Whats app WhatsApp Mesj on to write and send JOB. 919936535936 On this number. Note to contact people who just want to get some of the work. Without wanting to get something done not contact me
What you wear is just as pe inent. aaiye Digital India se juddie ab RS 1500050000mhiinaa kmaayeN. 100 Free kNpnii gvrnmeNtt se register Hai bs aapko Adve ising krnaa apne android phon se aur kmpnii aapko hr maah aapke baiNk ekaauNtt me ruupyaa degii bs aap is whatsApp no. 9936535936 pr JOIN likh kr send kiijie. join this job & change your life 100 SAFE & LEGAL Ap khud bhi join kr skte ha Google play stor me Champcash likh kr dounlod kre open krke name email mo. N. O dale Jo whatsapp n.ho dob posword dal me submit kre fir sponsor Id 666793 dal de ab 9se 10 apps ayega sbko install kr le Ap ki Id activet ho jayegi Ur hm ap ko work ditels send kr denge Jai champcash.
You might be surprised, but the real movers and shakers are, well, bit more buttonedup.
It is easy to think that the beautiful view is the real attraction here. But it isnt.
The films that explore how ordinary people can fall through the cracks and be left behind.
Mr Cook began his India visit in Mumbai by praying to the Hindu elephant god, Ganesha, revered as the remover of obstacles. And it seems Apple is going to need lot of help from Ganesha. when an Indian journalist writes Indian elephant god Ganesha you know the level of journalistic intellect he carries Good going BBC. The God with elephant head ,he is God Shiva Son . Not Elephant God. Are bhai hamare bhagwan ko hi kyon baizzat ka ho? Dunia me or koi hai hi nahi. And also Why are you asking Hinduism. Why are not asking Americism, Britishism, Ishlamism?. When in Rome be like Roman Mr. Cook very sma move Welcome To INDIA. Obstacles & India is very close relatives. Hindu elephant god mind ur language F BBC India ntg left for British. Next bbc news he is visiting baba RAM dev temple to launch patanjali iPhone. I think he is trying to emulate Steve Jobs, he visited India before sta ing Apple Religion, bollywood and cricket he has researched on indian mindset bfor his visit Wowww huge respect for COOk he has high level standard and respect all religions and culture not like the repo er and cant belive am still following.this page He is obviously here for the Chiken Tikka Masala. Cmon beeb . Amidst eroding revenues Apple is looking for fresh prey to engage in whitecollarsweatshops gulliblecodemonkeys. we are doing our best to ,become world more beautiful Good to sta with Ganesh ji If he is honest ,Ganesha will definitely help him Is BBC the most envious stupid organisation?. Nothing more ,Only Business Interests. Eyeing Upper Middle class Market on Mob related products U stupid dont know to respect other religions. for his company marketing. British are bloody illiterate Welcome Mr. Cook.
The creature that sleeps through fires. creature nahi ye to sela h.
Not all cultures kiss. All human kisses it is wrong to say only 46 perform it. either open, or bed rooms or kissing children is common universally Animal world is life with team they live from the begining and mostly same till today Up to health, strength they struggle actually any time they need to face any kind of danger But we can see some time they too kiss if no fear Bears ,cows etc Protected love birds spend time in kissing only Humans dont have strength as animals and body also smooth If both agreed only they can kiss here love locks life for kiss as key for their friendships . Cats kiss each other especially their kittens Because humans are not like animals. Nonsense question. Its difference btwn human & animals. Because he is only animal who believe in heaven and hell, God and religion. Coz animal dont brush. Why do Animals lick each other ??? while Humans dont ???. Why human doing masterbu ion animal dont ?. I think there is spelling mistake instead of kiss it has to be kick. The most nonsense question ever asked by BBC India. Because Humans arent animals . Thats the diffrence between humans and animals, thay dont love each other Are we imitating animals or what?. I guess its time unfollow ya page,. . Point to discuss.
Can you guess the star cars?
Chai wallahs brew tea with milk only minutes old Now that is fresh. Indians simply havent invented safety pin , but have aptitude to prepare food stuff using trash Extremely misleading statement from BBC India. Shame on . Cow dung is used as fuel not as an ingredient. You should have figured out that much at least BBC India dont you guys think of being pretty clear and correct while making that stupid headline of yours. That why you are not accepted in India. Another reason not to visit Varanasi What more can one expect from these morons who thinks cow urine & cow dung are panacea to all their problems . chaye with cow dung. yakhh thu shame on you india. WORLD FAMOUS BEST INDIAN baba JI INDIA AMERICA CANADA AUSTRALIA UK USA INTERNATIONAL SERVICE WITH BABA JI ,30 YERS EXPERIENCE love mantra to get back your lost love.vashikaran specialist to solve love problems, bring your love back by tantra and ilam, powerful vashikaran mantra of black magic to win love back. indian black magic white magic kalajadu indian astrology real black magic and tips to bring lost love back.Pure black magic. vashikaran mantra love call 91 9929933179 to the real love blackmagic specialist BABA ji. solve all problem only in hours done of marriage or breaking of any marriage, Dispute with lover, Cheating in love, Get done of marriage or breaking of any marriage, Children go out of order from parents, home conflict, interruption in marriage, get rid from enemy, foreign tour, Movie More or Modelling career WORLD,Kalsarp problem, caught sight Nazar Lagna etc Problems are like as follow Like jadutona. vashikaran mantra love call 9929933179 to the real love blackmagic specialist BABA ji. 09929933179 Breaking of any marriage, Dispute with lover, Kalsarp problem, caught sight , home conflict, interruption in marriage, foreign tour, Get your ex love back in lifeFinancial problem solution, Be free from enemy, Intoxication, Divorce problem solution, Marriage life problem solution, Control your lover in hand by vashikaran, Get your love back by black magic, Black magic woman, Lost love , Vo odoo love , Candle Love . GET PROBLEMS SOLVED BY BABA JI GREAT ASTROLOGER World Famous AstrologerVashikaran Guru, Love Marriage Specialist. I will never let your love relation break god promise Contect no. 919929933179 AGHORI BABA JI GMAIL aghoribabaji131 whats app no.919929933179. Nora Covy. Incredible india.
The essential truth about Icelandic happiness it is largely collective enterprise. They jail the bankers while in rest of the world the government would bail them
There is something quite unsettling about them. Do you agree?
It called passion investing and it can make you handsome profit.
Some say Da Vinci masterpiece has twin. Could it be? stop smiling mona darling iam not Davinche ok.
The Ganges is revered in India but it is also the sewer that carries away the waste from the 450 million people who live in its catchment area. GayeBhenso ko bachaane waale, is nadi ko kyu nhi bacha sakte, just because ismen bohot saare corporates involved h???, pathetic politics of india. Wrong impression Ganges may always be cleaned in few weeks time, if govt impose restriction on falling pollution in the river. sewrage may be dive ed to Pits and industry to throw their waste after treatment India mother is dying, the other legged mother is roasted and eaten by muslims all over the world. So soon India will become orphan. Haha haha haha haha. Sewer must be processed, treated before joining the river. A pa of the swatch Bharat program Hindu and their beliefs 330 million Gods and yet no one have guts to save goddess Ganga This mother Ganges is bread butter for the politicians all the endowed states should create nodal municipal corporations to raise rs 100 per citizen annually How can children survive with dying mother? Everybody be ready to die INDIANS ARE THE SICK MAN OF ASIA. SO KEEP WORSHIPPING YOUR HOLY COWS.YOU DI Y PRIMITIVE INDIANS hv no word. where all leader gone One of the best icles I have read in some time Neha Desireddy read when you have some free time . . . . . Sicknesses and diseases. Insensitive repo ing
Can music ever inspire science though? Perhaps.
The British are known for their drinking habits an image that some are proud of, but many would like to disappear. Where the relative pronoun it ? Should be many would like IT to disappear otherwise, you are stating the Brits want to disappear instead of the drinking habit .
The latest BBC Ea weird and wonderful image quiz is here
People are literally fighting for sand. The abundant resource is feeding global land grab that even bred sandsmuggling underworld. .
Tattoos that marked the battle victories of former headhunters in no heast India. Watch the whole film at aaie digital india se juddie apne Andriod mobile se ab RS 1500050000mhiinaa kmaayeN. kmpnii Government Register hai bs aapko Adve ising krnaa hai, sirph 23 hrs hr din ghr baitthe apne Android phone se aur kmpnii aapko hr maah aapke baiNk ekaauNtt me ruupyaa bhej degii bs aap is whatsApp no. 9832148284 pr JOIN likh kr send kiijie. DIGITAL INDIA , PM , NARENDRA MODI , MISSION Join digital India by your Android phone And earn upto Rs 15000 to 50000 per month You have to adve ise 23 hrs daily on social networking from Android phone from home or anywhere COMPANY NAME CHAMPION NETWORK PRIVATE LIMITED, INDIAN GOVERNMENT REGISTERED Company will direct transfer your Earned money to your bank account in every month If you interested to join, then type JOBJOIN and Whatsapp me on 919832148284.
A look inside one of the biggest bitcoin mines in the world where up to $8m in digital currency is generated per year by solving complicated mathematical algorithms with computers. Really to appriciate. aaie digital india se juddie apne Andriod mobile se ab RS 1500050000mhiinaa kmaayeN. kmpnii Government Register hai bs aapko Adve ising krnaa hai, sirph 23 hrs hr din ghr baitthe apne Android phone se aur kmpnii aapko hr maah aapke baiNk ekaauNtt me ruupyaa bhej degii bs aap is whatsApp no. 9832148284 pr JOIN likh kr send kiijie. DIGITAL INDIA , PM , NARENDRA MODI , MISSION Join digital India by your Android phone And earn upto Rs 15000 to 50000 per month You have to adve ise 23 hrs daily on social networking from Android phone from home or anywhere COMPANY NAME CHAMPION NETWORK PRIVATE LIMITED, INDIAN GOVERNMENT REGISTERED Company will direct transfer your Earned money to your bank account in every month If you interested to join, then type JOBJOIN and Whatsapp me on 919832148284.
Do residents of India think Donald Trump will MakeAmericaGreatAgain? BBC Pop Up hit the streets of Delhi to ask if those in India would consider visiting the US with President Trump in the White House. we have nothing to do with america right of now our goal is make india great again as it was in the history before the moghuls came He will never be President. I am in the U.S., and majority realize he is fool who incites people who are already full of anger and racist views. Many in his own pa will not be voting this election, because we cannot vote for him. If he is elected I say America is doomed Yes, he can make America great again by staying out of the election and maybe stay in secluded island forever. Then, he would have done not only USA favour but humanity as whole With complete respect for the United States and its guiding direction for democracy , Im so wonder stuck how Donald Trump even got so far and half the world is beginning to believe he would triumph in November. God save the world It appears that when Muslims sta using mind, President will become positive. First Chang your self True words American president sucks. He shouldnt be the president. WHO CARES. Love Guru Ji Call me 918284978029All World Famous Uk, Usa, London, Dubai, Spain, India, Paris, Australia.All Problem Solution In Your Life 24 Hours And 101 Guranteed Result 1.Love Problem Solution 2. Job, Carrier, Problem Solution 3. Inter Caste Love Marriage Problem Solution 4. Business Problem Solution 5. Divorce Problem Solution 6. Family Relation Problem Solution 7. Girl Vashikaran Specialist 8. Husband Wife RelationShip Problem Solution 9. lost love back 10. Childless Problem Solution Tell me Your Dob Detail & Know Your Bright Future Make One Call Change Your Life Love Guru Ji 11 Intercast Love Marriage Problem, Vashikaran, Lost Love Back 918284978029 12. Husband Wife Relationship Problem Solution, Divorce 13. Job, Carrier, Business In Loss, Cou Case 14. Settle In Foreign, Pr Visa Green Card Problem 15. Problems In Family Relationship, Promotions Or Willful Love Marriage Problem Solve Specialist By Astrologer Cont 918284978029 khaandaanii jyotiss khulaa cailenj baabaa jii kii siddhiyo , shktiyo aur saadhnaa kaa cmtkaar ghr baitthe dekhe 100 gaarNttiidd upaay phiis kaam ke baad lekin dhyaan rkheN pujaa paatth hvn saamgrii kaa khrcaa aap kaa hii hogaa lv mairij , premipremikaa phaimilii ko mnaanaa apnaa khoyaa pyaar vaaps paaye vshikrnn krvaanaa tudddhvaanaa, kaam kaarobaar clnaa gRh klesh videsh yaatraa me rukaavtt dhn dolt aulaad sukh , milne kaa kaarnn jaane krjaa lon se chuttkaaraa sautn dushmn se chuttkaaraa saas bhu pti ptnii me jhgdddhaa shaadii vivaah tlaak me derii honaa baabaa jii kii chottii sii slaah aap kaa jivn bdl shkti hai caaroN trph se dukhii jivn se niraash vykti ek baar baabaa jii ke khne pr baabaa jii ko phaun jrur kre 918284978029. But why should we go to US ??. aaie digital india se juddie apne Andriod mobile se ab RS 1500050000mhiinaa kmaayeN. kmpnii Government Register hai bs aapko Adve ising krnaa hai, sirph 23 hrs hr din ghr baitthe apne Android phone se aur kmpnii aapko hr maah aapke baiNk ekaauNtt me ruupyaa bhej degii bs aap is whatsApp no. 9832148284 pr JOIN likh kr send kiijie. DIGITAL INDIA , PM , NARENDRA MODI , MISSION Join digital India by your Android phone And earn upto Rs 15000 to 50000 per month You have to adve ise 23 hrs daily on social networking from Android phone from home or anywhere COMPANY NAME CHAMPION NETWORK PRIVATE LIMITED, INDIAN GOVERNMENT REGISTERED Company will direct transfer your Earned money to your bank account in every month If you interested to join, then type JOBJOIN and Whatsapp me on 919832148284.
Donald Trump has won the IndianaPrimary. BBC Pop Upasked Indians if they would consider visiting US where he is President. Delhi haha we should be focusing on dying farmers and zero drinking water, lets not make fool of ourselves by this. We know that Indians abroad will return back to India once the shenanigans are over . This means more population to feed , hence most of the sta ups need to be agrigarian centric. It a great country. We will feel safe because there is rule of law and Democracy why not. Do You know MLM BUSINESS NETWORK MARKETING EARN UP TO LEVEL Unlimited joining and earn unlimited incom up to level Launched in All world 1. INDIA 2. INDONESIA 3. UNITED STATES 4. UNITED KINGDOM 5. MALAYSIA 6. PAKISTAN 6. SINGAPORE 7. AUSTRALIA 8. THAILAND 9. TURKEY 10.VIETNAM 11.FRANCE 12.UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 13.TIWAN, PROVINCE OF CHINA 14.RUSSIA FEDERATION 15.FRANCE 16.GERMANY 17.JAPAN 18.MEXICO 19.SPAIN 20.SAUDI ARABIA 21.CANADA 22.BANGLADESH Online job. Earning while you browsing No investment No Registration fee. Free joining.PP_ Adve isement Of application Earn upto RS $500 to $1000month Earn money direct transfer to your bank account in each month. Only android sma phone required. If you are interested then. Join now Join this job & change ur life Who said life is difficult. For join 1Download ChampCash App 8MB Download from play store Go to play store search Champcash earn money install now fast 2Enter Refer ID of Sponsor 1104936 3Complete the Challenge 4see your sing up bonus $1 Rs.67 In home Screen 5Invite your friends via WhatsApp and Facebook and Earn unlimited CallWhatsApp 919747027784. aaie digital india se juddie apne Andriod mobile se ab RS 1500050000mhiinaa kmaayeN. kmpnii Government Register hai bs aapko Adve ising krnaa hai, sirph 23 hrs hr din ghr baitthe apne Android phone se aur kmpnii aapko hr maah aapke baiNk ekaauNtt me ruupyaa bhej degii bs aap is whatsApp no. 9832148284 pr JOIN likh kr send kiijie. DIGITAL INDIA , PM , NARENDRA MODI , MISSION Join digital India by your Android phone And earn upto Rs 15000 to 50000 per month You have to adve ise 23 hrs daily on social networking from Android phone from home or anywhere COMPANY NAME CHAMPION NETWORK PRIVATE LIMITED, INDIAN GOVERNMENT REGISTERED Company will direct transfer your Earned money to your bank account in every month If you interested to join, then type JOBJOIN and Whatsapp me on 919832148284.
When wasp feels the sting of betrayal.
Scotland will always be fiercely proud of its unique character and national identity. And many of these traits can be traced back to the nation most famous writer. Luv this color .
If I can lift even one child out of their circumstances, that enough for me. But mostly, I want to give them childhood. Some happy memories that they can look back on later in life. UnsungIndians Great The power of ONE . watch video.
People making difference to people lives
At least six people have died in the fires, which have destroyed more than 1,900 hectares 4,700 acres of forest. This is just carelessness of some stupid people who are meant to destroy the nature. Such people should be given severe punishment. Even so called village pradhan should be held responsible The truth is that the government would only light fire and youll just have to try to save yourself or else burn in it there was predator in this jungle and this is not an ordinary fire heavy battle took place between commandos and predators . soil ours water ours. ours are these forests. our forefathers raised them for us. its we who must protect them Forest cover is depleting and above this . Natures Fury. No local media to cover this .
The word bungalow originates from the Hindi bangla. There are many more Indian words that have become pa of everyday English revealing lot about the relationship between Britain and India. Not from Hindi. Bangla is from Bangla Informative. World Beat Astrologer shanker ji Deal 1. Solve All Your Love Problems 2. Bussiness Problems 3. Black Magic Remove From your Life Pa ner 4. Vashikaran For Lost Love Back 5. Online Provide Horoscope By Mail Just 500 Inr 6. Heath Problems Remedy 7. Marriage Life Dispute. 8. Divorce Solution Online Services Provide If You Want Remove Your Problems you Can Contact Direct Call & Whatsapp Call 919815403198.
BBC Pop Up caught up with Mumbai rapper Vivian Fernandes, aka Divine and shot music video for him Watch it at
During monsoon season, these raindrenched tropical forests can give off an otherworldly glow. I remember reading this last year on BBC, why the repost _.
The strange disappearance of lake and the pink and white terraces in New Zealand.
Beauty comes in many different forms. Habits are more precious than Money A complete man & woman products page hey guys if really like alia bhat and r ture fan of alia so plz like this linkpage Like Reply Edit Just now Prateek Kumar
Turns out babies arent afraid of snakes. fear is something we teach kids to feel. If kid is not told about this emotion, I think kids will grow up less fearful because they do not know what fear is WE fear ce ain things, God, Dogs, animals, reptiles, DArkness, SOme other random things and we drill that same fear in the minds of the kids. and so the saga continues We teach them to live in fear when they actually born fearless Hy looking for pa time job? Try Champcash app sta working from ur Android mobile GOOGLE it for the review WORLDS 1ST COMPANY ZERO INVESTMENT 1. You Will Earn Every time you Install App. 2. You will Earn Every time Your Team Members Install Any App. 3. You can redeem it Instantly. 4. You can Earn Fixed Income through Earn More Panel. 5. We are First Company in World Who is Giving RePurchasing Income From team without Any investment. Sponsor ID 1096039. hey guys if really like alia bhat and r ture fan of alia so plz like this linkpage Like Reply Edit Just now Prateek Kumar
Watch in 360video as weavers in the Indian holy city of Varanasi spin the handloom to produce the worldfamous Banarasi saris. The BBC Pop Up film on how technology is threatening this Now anyone can earn crores of rupees from android phone. Install CHAMPCASH app from google play store. Signup and put ref sponsor id 681005. Install few apps given and open them for 23 minutes. By doing this much work your champcash id gets activated and you will get ref id number which you can use to join your friends under your id. From each joining you will get profit up to levels. If everyone joins at least 10 active friends upto levels then your earnings will be more than 1.5 crore Rs. There is no limit for sponsoring friends. You can do mobile recharge of Rs 20 daily when your account balance is more than 2$ and you can transfer money in to your bank account when balance is above 10$. No investment. Champcash is distributing money earned from adve ising of apps. Sponsor id 681005
Being successful Google doodler requires number of crossfunctional skills strong work ethic, willingness to learn, sense of humour, an appreciation of the creative process, and at least one expressive talent. Do you have what it takes?
Shanghai introduced bailout scheme in January that fundamentally changes the laws of venture capitalism. Now, even the duds cant lose, to the finance world dismay.
It looked, from the outside, like hea attack, but it wasnt. Aadil Khan this is what I was talking about and the strings too. .
The Indians risking their lives for water. Watch the full video at Oi BBC news teri maa ki ankh dont try to show always negative side of india. I am indian but I never seen these in my entire life. This is insanity. For nation trying to compete in the big leagues, why are your citizens going through this?. World of west Chanel BBC. We indian all take risk its our daily life routine This is the truth . Show it to government God bless them. Please not to misuse water .
People sta to hallucinate and go bit crazy.
Two sprinters broke national records and qualified for the Olympics, but it doesnt count
A dare sent Pop Up on road trip to the Kiradu temple in Rajasthan. Here how it turned out. Pandey hope you are not cursed too heheehehe. That just Peacock .
Researchers have developed cheap, effective and nontoxic way to dramatically reduce diseasecarrying mosquito populations.
Find out what makes humans unique.
The famous author captured by pirates.
Is it all just an illusion?
Pet abuse and domestic violence are closely linked.
Could it be giant anaconda? Think again.
An unfinished picture is almost like an Xray, which allows you to see beyond the surface of the painting.
Maharajah Ranjit Singh, who once wore the uncut KohiNoor on his bicep, died in 1839. Almost decade later, the KohiNoor was taken by the British, by force, from frightened little boy, his son. BBC is basically puppet of Britain . I think we dont have any big evidence that Kohinoor was taken away forcefully, and also our government will never force any other country to give it back by ignoring our national relations. Other hand this country will never return Kohinoor and other master peace of India . So government should not waste time ,their are lots of other impo ant issues to be resolve first. We know that masterpiece are pa of our culture but beyond ce ain point we are helpless So government should concentrate on issues like safety , national security, education ,health and water consumption . ENJOY THE KOHINOOR JAI HIND. this post uncovered something beyond kohinoor After wearing that your british queen lost all the countries so keep that unfo unate diamond with your queen oneday will lose your own uk. Well,the govt said it was gifted and now this so I guess GOI was lying because they lied all the time. British took away so much, they looted, plundered and drained our country of all its resources till they realized that there was nothing more left to steal and it now going to cost more to run this country after the wars. kohinoor is just drop in the ocean. and while leaving they played their final preindependence stroke of divide and rule. and after all these years, british pm has problems apologising for jalianwala bagh massacre. shameless imperialists . It also shows how clumsy the British jewellers were who failed to see the flaws and ended up by fracturing the diamond Yes we should forgot Kohinoor the over rated diamond , we should focus on how to get their jobs , that is more impo ant. Until AD 1800, we were the world no.1 economy super power . Our collapse sta ed with 1757 plassey war, bengal and ended in Tipu defeat in Mysuru, 1799 . The beginning of 19th century 1800 onwards witnessed new world super power The British Empire it comprised the dominions, colonies, protectorates, mandates and other territories ruled or administered by the United Kingdom Moron1 I bill gill your gid ip you bont give me da gohinoor poor king Okay take it The End British have been thief all the time every F kn time . I think brits looted where ever they went. Not just india It was gift to queen Elizabeth ll Mutually Paradoxical statements I think this is bad English . So was it gift to them Or Theif nation. They should give it back, but then I have never seen honest thief. Thief britishers. Wow,BBC ppl.r thieves. BBC at times you speak the truth so well , it hits the target, good. It belongs to India
Mohammad Javed never imagined his love for Pakistani relative would see him branded terrorist and sent to jail for eleven and half years. Same thing happened during 911 in USA. Bcz of terrorist normal people get effected. Im so sorry ur story made me cry Hope ur on ur way to building ur life up again hopefully inshallah hope everything goes well tc Deandra Shenaya Wick Sandali Sachinthana Shanelli Ma yn . Pa time job krnaa caahte hai to Champcash se juddiye aur binaa koii paisaa lgaaye ghr baitthe Android mobile se hr mhiinaa 5000 TO 50000 kmaayeN Join honeke lie1. play store se Champcash app koj apne mobaail meN install kr lo2.ab ChampCash ko open kroaur sign up with ChampCash pr click krke apnii Details bhr do3.sponsor id puuchegaa vhaaN pr 2340799ddaal do4. Aap ko chellange milega or ek audio sunai degi apne mobile ki volumefast karo, complete kro aur apnii id activate krke business se judd jaao itis impo ant to compleetThe challangeWhatsapp No 9622762220.
If youre serious about your exercise plan, you need to sma en up.
This is what the world largest hea looks like. And it vacationing away from Bernie Sanders. You see, Bernie eats the hea of little children, and hides his own hea away in secret facility far under the Rhine, where he drowned his own parents Looks like it is from yard sale of wealthy and foolish husband
Why we trust robots more than humans. Humans are finding it hard to believe other human this is what leads to wardiscontinuity. We dont need robots to do our own work. It because its prefed data store without an individual rational thinking .
In the past decade or so, the human race has experienced profound change, and weve barely noticed. So what is that change, and what does it mean for us?
Head up doing crunches could be bad for you.
If modern India has no place for snake charmers, even we want to be pa of that modern India True snake charmer traditionally catch snake without looking in village and town and also make livelihood by music and snake very true to enviromental friendly tradition without state suppo may be given state jobs in wildlife conservation to save their laboure as snake is mainstream for sustanning local ecobioenviroment and diversity and help Han in many ways except few are poisonous I think these ppl very humble , they come from very humble background. Give them all kind of free education and provide chances up the ladder . There are lot of snake charmers are living in India. But now they are going to zoos to see and enjoy snakes. Also, Kerala state in India has strong history. We are the people who defeated European powers . We defeated Po ughese in direct battle on 1589. We defeated Dutch army on 1741 in direct battle. We even defeated British forces once, in direct battle during revolt by the Rani of Attingal on 1721 against British attempt to monopolize pepper trade in Kerala in which 140 British soldiers were killed. British forces were defeated and they forced to agree all the demands of Rani. Also the richest temple in the world is Padmanabhaswamy temple is located in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India. Padmanabhaswamy Temple is the wealthiest place of worship in the world. It is conservatively estimated that the value of the monumental items is close to ? 1.2 lakh crore or ? 1.2 trillion US$18 billion . If the antique and cultural value were taken into account these assets could be wo ten times the current market price. Britain failed to catch any of the wealth from Kerala BBC ki problem kya wo le jaye charmers ki s Apne logo liye India grow kr rhe hum ko humare culture ka pata h. Go under your Queens shade and charm your snakes not in our India. India has grown up and world knows it we are with U. Its ancient indian folklore leave it alone ok Now you can earn crores of rupees from your android phone. Install CHAMPCASH app from google play store. Signup and put ref sponsor id 681005. Install few apps given and open them for 23 minutes. By doing this much work your champcash id gets activated and you will get ref id number which you can use to join your friends under your id. From each joining you will get profit up to levels. If everyone joins at least 10 active friends upto levels then your earnings will be more than 1.5 crore Rs. There is no limit for sponsoring friends. You can do mobile recharge of Rs 20 daily when your account balance is more than 2$ and you can transfer money in to your bank account when balance is above 10$. Sponsor id 681005. Company is registered by Government of India and this app is also available in Indonesia, United States and United Kingdom
Before the industrial age, people shopped for food in their local areas often in beautiful covered halls and markets.
Imagine sticking finger in 240 volt electrical socket. Ouch.
Civic authorities ignored the menace of pot holes so this retired civil servant took matters into his own hands. UnsungIndians Making difference . Good people are still their.
It seems men are cursed with early deaths. .
Apparently, female can benefit from having variety of pa ners. If her children have different fathers, some might be better protected if disease comes along.
What it like on the Hunger Games set.
Discovered by the outside world just 60 years ago, the Waorani Indians have led remote, isolated existence deep in the Ecuadorian Amazon for generations. They have unique relationship with the wildlife here. Emily Amanda.
It called halfsmoke.
Expe say there are clever ways to benefit from the swirling political storms around the world.
Fact In major museums around the world, some truly great works of are hidden away from public view.
The African Siddis have lived in India for 400 years yes they are Indians. The contribution of the African Siddis in India in , culture, architecture is immense. They have long forgotten history by today culture. If we go back and read it their Legacy still carries on Why not make it 800. Proud of them . Yes. They are Indians Yatin SethiRahul Anthony. ok so we have IndianAfrican too.
Youve got an amazing idea, but nobody noticing. Here are some steps you can take to turn things around.
Indians dont have good relationship with Africans. They dont trust us BBCPopUp Are fair Indians always nice to darker Indians? There is internal racism in Indian. Seen as much better to be fair skinned than dark. South Indians are darker than no Indians. No Indians can be prejudice against dark south Indians. But remember the native and indigenous Indians are the Dravidians south India . In India we call them kaliya as if we are all white Its only us Indians who can bring change out of all this prejudice . Lol Like westerners have Look at yourself first. It not just with Africans it with dark Indians that Indians do. lii pai. its crazy. Bbc sucks.
Good news for parched India love you all baby The IMD rarely gets it predictions right . MeT dept. predictions are hardly right. hope they got it right this time. Boost for Economy .
This island doesnt have cars, paved roads, an electric grid or indoor toilets.
History biggest language mistakes.
The companies that banned email.
The inside scoop on everything from peeping toms and bedbugs, revealed. Cleanliness. Scary Useful information.
You can tell lot about person from the way they undress. Taste for male,compare to man women are always shameless in their dresses too agr aap berojgaar hai yaa job nokrii e hai or pa time job krke 15000 100000 Rs. kmaanaa caahte hai to aaiye DIGITAL INDIA ke is Revolutionary concept se juddiye aur ghr se operate karke laakho kmaaye Duniya ka pehle Zero investtmentt ka international MLM business India, USA, UK and Indonesia JOIN hone ke lie aap sbse phle apne phon ke play store meN jaao vhaaN pr Champcash likho aur us app ko apne mobaail meN install kr lo ab app pr click kro aur sign up with champ cash pr click krke apnii ddittels bhr do.4 ab aapse sponsor id puuchegaa vhaaN pr 674690 , ddaal do aur apnii id bnaa lo challenge ke saare apps install, sign up karein each for mins aur apna id activate karke business se jud jayein. 100 legal income transfered in personal bank account through NEFT once month. Shameless people . Plz turn infront. good increased shame and shy.
A tiny car is being built for tiny people.
The lost land of Ladakh. LadakhJammuKashmir pa greater Kashmir India ,Buddhist rich culture at Ladakh,Nature scenes amazing Watch documents on it,Men 1ly lives In this world?Think more from the mirror mind,Thanks,. A wonderful place this world,Life is here full variety.
Dining out can be pricey. Tricks to save bundle.
Outsma their clever tactics. This is also trick.
Meet the man with two hea s. You mean The Doctor? .
FlashbackFriday William Wordswo quotes on nature The best po ion of man life,his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love .
These less glamorous animals need our help. If you think something is ugly, look harder. Ugliness is just failure of seeing. Matt Haig. Almost all of them endangered due to humans so judgemental of you to call them ugly
Tensions are high at university in Indianadministered Kashmir following clashes between students and police after row sparked by cricket match. Its not indian administered kashmir but only one indian Kashmir the rest is illegally occupied by pakistan. To all those India haters of Kashmir dear friends have options 1go with Pakistan the consequences will be harsh as already know the living conditions and security in Pakistan it on the verge of extinction already 2 get independencythe consequences will again be very disastrous since the weak security will allow the ISIS and other terrorist extremist groups to emerge in the valley which will make conditions like that of afganistan during Taliban rule 3remain with India it will be the best possible solution for Kashmir people India is providing better education all over the country better job oppo unities tight security if cooperate 30 of Indian army is in Kashmir and democratic rights to choose ur own gov So please stop insulting India without any reason and same for Indians also Kashmir is an integral pa of India and people will always be our brothers and sisters plzz live peacfully and explore the oppo unities provided by the country also guide us to explore the heaven on ea h.I.e Kashmir . Cricket the laziest game in the world should be kicked out of India. We should stop getting ente ained by this old British game Indian administered Jammu and Kashmir Why you never include Jammu while talking about Kashmir. Jammu has always been pa of that state. Some correction done would be wise BBC India . KAshmiri people illiterate observed every kashmiri people dont know how to write india spelling think they need proper education otherwise kashmir will be no illiterate state of the world. It is not because of cricket match it only seems so. The conflict is same to other incidents that every day happen at either places of India. The Muslim minority is targeted and insulted by Hindu majority, the causes are zilch, sometimes cow, sometimes slogans, but all that nonsense proves only one thing that Might is Right.The constitution nominally provides right to equality. but fails to implement it is not only Indian Aministrated Kashmir BUT it is Integral pa . of India.if someone has problem with that then Come & dare to take that away from us. we give you every exact reply in your words that you guys understand with right ammunations. LONG LIVE INDIA Kashmiri people have no animosity against their Indian brethren,its just some vested interests who want to gain benefit by creating such unrest.The truth is that there are more than lakh indian labourers in kashmir,thousands of indian students who are pursuing B,ed.courses in various colleges ofkashmir,lakhs of indian tourists visit kashmir each year but not single one of them was hu till now,even at the height of unrest in 200810 writes Haris Chesti on his FB wall Indian Occupied Kashmir not Indian Administered Kashmir, Why this Double standard, As you are BBC media Pa ners are calling IOK why not You BBC India, Hypocrisy at heights. Before hurling abuses and defaming the hospitality of Kashmiris, these Indian students should be reminded of Summer 2014 when Kashmir was deluged. Who provided food and shelter to these Indian students studying at NIT? The answer is Kashmiri students opened their hea and provided free food and shelter to them in their hostel rooms mostly in Kashmir University. One bed of two three or four of them would sleep along with their Kashmiri brethren. At that time none of them wanted to go home and neither Arnab Goswami or for that matter the mighty Indian army came to their rescue. stop this undeclared war on Kashmiri Stupid BBC. Educateur repo s. It Indian state of jammu Kashmir and not India administered Kashmir Non local students in NIT have enacted drama to gather media attention Care of Smriti Irani to get much favor for upcoming exams commencing on April 11 poor students cant compete with Kashmiri students. it was not the Indian cricket match its Indian politics and those people who are hypocritical fking bbc. its not Indian administrated Kashmir its Indian State. racist bbc . Illiteracy, bias of local cops exposed. One of the indices of development of any nation is to have graduate constables it is indian occupied kashmir kick them out from the valley. see mentality and realities of kashmiris kashmiri use indian resources? indian hospital.for free treatment indian govt school free education?? indian transpo ?? use indian currency?? use indian state for higher education?? get benefit of being minority which also include SC ST RBA DOING DOINGtaking the financial relief from jnk govt when they meet any natural calamities AND. B AND BUSSINESS IN INDIA NO RESTRICTIONS FOR PERFORMANCING RELIGIOUS DUty?? Even after taking advantage from india they still not accept indian flag. HoW shamefull KASHMIR MUSLIM ARE OUTSIDERS TO JNK TOO THEY HAD GIVEN RESTIDENTAL HERE BCZ THE HINDU KINGS OF Jnk Use theM for doinG smaLl works lyk making shoes, blacksmith, cleaning the palaces of kings?? ANd now those servants of rajputs claiming for seperate nation sharm kro aur jake doob maroo kahi jaake Was there any muslim ruler of jnk before 1947 in jnk?? Than who are to decide wt to do with kashmir???. It happening because gutless Indian government compromise nationalism for power in state it shameful for us as an indian bcz Kashmiris got funds from government and that was paid by indian tax payers. Pakistan digging himself on pathankot attack issue and exposed, India is strongly recommended to investigations. If pakistan pull back from investigatation means it is proof of pakistan involment in the attack A MUST READ A ICLE FROM Sandipan Sharma THAT HAS APPEARED IN FIRST POST on page named Save NIT Srinagar students IT DEPICTS REALITY ABOUT KASHMIR AND LESSON FOR THOSE INDIAN WHO KNOW NOTHING ABOUT KASHMIR. Unrest at NIT Srinagar Kashmir is complex, students should keep politics of tricolour out of it The politics of pseudo nationalism has led to an unfo unate denouement It has deepened the existing fault lines in Kashmir, triggering chain of events that could have longterm repercussions. There are conflicting versions of what happened at the National Institute of Technology NIT in Srinagar over the past few days. But, every story leads to one trigger competitive nationalism. The drama began when some local students celebrated India loss in the T20 world cup semifinal against West Indies. As counter, students from outside Kashmir raised slogans suppo ing India. But, matters spilled out of the campus when some students wanted to take protest march outside the campus on Tuesday, Tricolor in hand, Bharat Mata ki Jai on their lips. Students complain the Jammu and Kashmir police intervened at this point, stopped them from taking out their march, beat them up and snatched the flags from their hands. Cops claim they tried to stop students from marching on the roads of Srinagar since it could have led to clashes between people outside the campus. They used force when the students became violent and misbehaved with deputy Superintendent of Police at the spot. The NIT campus is close to the Hazratbal Shrine in Srinagar. All around there are shops, houses and the posh Nigeen Lake area. Just few kilometre away is downtown Srinagar, where antiIndia protests, stonepelting after Friday prayers are regular events. So, it is difficult to predict the course of events if group of students had protested on the streets of Srinagar. Even the heavily armed Indian security forces find it difficult to manage violent crowds when they sta protesting, throwing stones in downtown Srinagar, near Hurriyat strongholds like Khanyar. A few students, nationalism singing in their veins, rousing slogans on lips, unaware of local sentiments and sensitivities, marching in the hea of Srinagar could actually have been security nightmare. There is no doubt that Kashmir is an integral pa of India. But, there should not be any doubt about this either it is not like any other state in the country. Kashmiris have their issues with the Indian government, some of them still have soft corner for Pakistan, many still want azaadi and dream of an independent Switzerlandtype tourist haven locked between two rival nations. Anger and resentment simmers just beneath the surface, it can come outlike it did during the Amaranth Board controversy at the slightest provocation, lead to dangerous ramifications. The sloganshouting, jhandawaving brand of nationalism students of NIT wanted to practise on the campus or on the streets of Srinagar is classical symbol of the ordinary Indian inability to grasp the complexities that surround Kashmir. In every corner of the Valley, Indian security forces face tough time guarding against terrorists, quelling unrest, sometimes fighting against their own people. They battle hostility, sudden attacks and non cooperation from the local population. Just few days ago, while they were battling LeT militants holed up in building in Pampore, few kilometres from Srinagar, hundreds of locals men and women gathered on the road to thwa their mission against terrorists. While militants lobbed grenades and fired bullets at them, the locals pelted stones, shouted hostile slogans throughout the 48hour operation. The sho point is Kashmir is complex and even Indian security personnel face immeasurable hostility. It is not place for hot headed students to ply their politics or parade their patriotism. In 1992, BJP leader Murali Manohar Joshi had tried to pursue similar brand of jhanda politics when he insisted on flying the Indian flag at Srinagar Lal Chowk at the culmination of the BJP Ekta Yatra that sta ed from Kanyakumari. This is what transpired next, according to The India Today A willing prisoner of the Jammu and Kashmir administration and surrounded by scores of men in fatigues. Joshi drove up, on the morning of 26 January, in police car, to be greeted by the sound of gunshots. In hurry to leave the confines of the Valley, Joshi quickly got down to the business of hoisting the tricolour he had carried with him from Kanyakumari. And while contingent of 67 BJP workers raised feeble slogans of Vande Mataram, Joshi and yatra convenor Narendra Modi struggled with the flag presented to him on 21 December, its pole snapped into two. Finally, Joshi had to make do with the state administration flag. The ceremony lasted precisely 12 minutes, and there was not single Kashmiri to witness Joshi embarrassment. Despite the hype preceding the hoisting, Joshi had to fly into the Valley under cover of darkness, the night before the event, swapping his symbolic houseboat for staid Indian Air Force an32. Students, however wellintentioned they are, should remember this If flagwaving and sloganshouting could have solved the problem, asse ed Indian control over the Valley, the security forces have done that long ago and returned home. The grim batt. Pakistan is almost gone case due to the terrorist gangs plus sector violence But I dont understand why those Indians suppo ing Pakistan . Had it been nonmuslim protest in Kashmir, there wouldnt have been retaliation as big as this. Look at the very protest going on in Gujarat, the home of Indian PM, by the dalits following their persecution by higher caste on cow issue. It been couple of days, did the police fire pellet guns or bullets? No, in contrast, look at the case of Akhlaq who was brutally murdered on false claim and the cou decided to charge his family, not his murderers. What about the muslim cattle traders who were hung to death by the cow protectors? Had we taken to streets, we would have been labelled antinationals, terrorists and dealt with iron fist. So there you go, so much for the largest democracy. faileddemocracy. It great oppo unity fr guys earn nearly 50,000 per month by just installing an app CHAMPCASH plz try this app by just downloading this champcash from the play store and once install it type the REFER ID as 2805294 guys plz try it one of best experience. without investing money just shopping and just installing apps and earn It was not only NIT Srinagar but whole of this occupied land was celebrating the defeat of endia. Remember this is not the first instance, it always happens here whenever endia is being defeated by any nation That the intensity of hatred we carry against the criminal endia .
Scared of clowns? This might be the type of ente ainment for you.
Where world travellers fall in love. The canals smell awful. Milk Thermopolis.
The simple way to resolve anything that ails you boils down to this.
Once you sta moving, it feels like any other skateboard or snowboard.
The kids who fight crime.
It turns out that genes can hop from one organism into completely different species and change it. Excuse me Would you stop for moment? O man Havent you thoughtone day about yourself? Who has made it? Have you seen design, which hasnt designer? Have you seen wonderful, delicate work without a worker? It you and the whole universe Who has made them all? You know whom? It ALLAH , prise be to him. Just think for moment. How are you going to be after death? Can you believe that this exact system of the universe and all of these great creation will end in nothing just after death Have you thought, for second, How to save your soul from Allah punishment? Havent you thought about what is the right religion? Read and think deeply before you answer. It is religion of Islam. It is the religion that Mohammadpeace upon him the last prophet, had been sent by. It is the religion that the right Bible that is not disto edhas preached. Just have look at The Bible of Bernaba . Dont be emotional. Be rational and judge Just look, listen, compare, and then judge and say your word rijwshkr ySl hdhh lrsl@ Gyr lmslmyn ql rswl llh Sl llh lyh wslm yhdy llh ydyk rjl khyr lk mm Tl lyh lshms We advise you to visit those sites Something is wrong with this man lol.
A single bite from taipan snake contains enough poison to kill 250,000 mice. Because great power comes with great responsibility.
Delhi has tested variety of solutions to improve urban air quality. Now Mexico is trying few methods as well. Plant trees All roof tops must have green shades and keep potted indoor plants This is needed all over the World to fight pollution
How does the cloudless blue skies affect attitudes and quality of life? Have fun you and your kids teach them how to calculate any operation in sho time. Love the math
Just few hours after her arrival in the US, she was forced to have sex. Doing such things with women think that you are also from woman. Brave hea woman, only didnt save yourslef, but also save your friends life, god bless So inspiring story feel like crying Hats off to Shandra for her untiring courage & effo God bless alwayz. Be watchful Some people behaving like animals Welcome to America I hate Americans They are nothing but bunch of Bulshivics. .
A digital strategy is much, much more than having just Facebook page. A simple awareness campaign The global warming is at its dangerous level. The South East Asian countries have become the worst victim of the nature If you aware, please do aware others about this today. Overpopulation and deforestation is the main cause of this. Let us create pressure on our govt to introduce adopt bi control family planning as compulsory national policy. The air, water and land everything is polluted The human traffickers gone mad to do cruel business with human life by kidnapping and selling them NO job, NO shelter, NO education, NO food, only the number of people increasing all around. If really care enough, please raise your voice for bi control family planning . ready.
Theyre charming, almost unbelievably so, charismatic like Cary Grant or George Clooney forensic psychiatrist The psychiatrist views everyone as mads And they think they live in mad world of ours A simple awareness campaign The global warming is at its dangerous level. The South East Asian countries have become the worst victim of the nature If you aware, please do aware others about this today. Overpopulation and deforestation is the main cause of this. Let us create pressure on our govt to introduce adopt bi control family planning as compulsory national policy. The air, water and land everything is polluted The human traffickers gone mad to do cruel business with human life by kidnapping and selling them NO job, NO shelter, NO education, NO food, only the number of people increasing all around. If really care enough, please raise your voice for bi control family planning .
The facts of the encounter seem stranger than fiction. Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash.
The city outdoorsy nature and cosmopolitan makeup are two reasons why it often ranks high on annual global liveability lists. Yes Auckland has always been the city to live in since the 1880 s, As it also was the main settlement for Maori for 600 years prior to as European arrived from 1780, now of course it is the amazing city is now especially the last 20 years with huge growth, Sadly with this huge growth of course is the inflatable cost of housing market, you see there no multi floor housing like Singapore, as every one wants single story homes only, But Auckland is also just small image of New Zealand, as one can travel unheeded any time in only hours, plus the outdoor activities is unavailability the best in the world, no snakes And only people are snakes ha ha ha ha,. but Ive already got one here. Anyone want to swap for job in India?. . . .
It superb, writes Top Gear.com Ollie Marriage. Honestly, you just dont need more.
Why you should take year off work. You may console yourself by saying that Mountains teach you Endurance and Valleys teach you Patience. There isnt always Rise and Rise, There can always be Fall and Rise .
Reconstructing lives. This will change life of somebody for docs it will be more clinical experience. May God bless docs. .
We all live by set of philosophies and beliefs. But could you iculate these principals if someone asked you what they were?
It is famed for its scorching heat, but every so often there is heavy rain and the entire dese is carpeted with wildflowers.
Malaysia says it is awaiting permission from South Africa to conduct search of its coast for more debris. Neelay Bharaniguess wholl be interested in this .
They said since I refused to remarry, I should take the bomb . So what?.
His parents disagree over whether he was adopted.
The latest updates can be found here.
No arrests have been made so far. Indian government arrests people who eat beef and for other animals I am sorry for that. Greed of Man Omg. Hea less peoples.
It stands as the centrepiece of New Delhi, but also serves as an emblem of the British and Indian relationship. Indeed beautiful Laboure A Vision of Enlightened way of life now centre of Governance and democracy jwell of Commonwealth enduring democracy and British civility yet to visit Homeless. in fact, there is no crown in today world. british continue to revel in their imperialist past. We appriciate British people for united some 526? Small kingdoms as one India lord William Bentic based Sati and introduced modern education, hospitals, suppo ed to Rajaram Mohan to establish Ashramas for better social service first people who introduced Railway ,Banking etc constructed national great highways systems in ruling police, military ,official works ,universities. Etc totally made protection to forests, monuments , animals, birds etc We all remember British as great teacher to Indians . It is joke, it is India landmark, nothing to do with British at all, wake up . The grave fact remains is that our exto ed jewel Kohinoor remains in the British crown really fascinating. And Lutyens craft vision. Beautiful be yet to visit.
Her face was electronically grafted onto pornographic images. May they worked in real . Nice reply from her
The couple that shocked the world.
The mantra for early retirement should be save more and spend less. You work like donkey all those years and what if you get hit by car day before your retirement? Enjoy the present. You never know what future holds for you and die perfect LOTUS EATER death
One of the girls was severely injured while the others received minor burns in the attack Maximum punishment for this idiot acid attacker Lack of communication education is hindrance to development of health Individual and person. If they sale or use illegally. Chemical weapon in small form the dark face of india. Its bad.
These British butlers are serving mostly royals, sheikhs and oil proprietors.
The No Korean Titanic
It lives in cave. size of dinner plate well thats big. Shelob.
Where did we get the word cyber from?
Today, it an eerie, abandoned city of ghosts that stands alone on plateau in the remote highlands of no heast Turkey, 45km away from the Turkish border city of Kars. People grow big, people forget us .
Is time running out for India? BBC you have all ready ran out of time, so you have no right to judge another keep it in mind.
According to Siegel, people need three S To be seen, to be soothed, and to be safe. When youre safe, soothed and seen in reliable way, you get the fou S, security.
The issue of smelly blankets was even taken up for discussion in the parliament last week. Instead smelly now they will be wet
We all know someone who does this. We wanted to find out why.
How Polynesian warriors have fun.
Top Gear.com Jason Barlow samples the German carmaker awesomely, almost intimidatingly complete new EClass. This is 3rd class.
The unexpected origin of love. is thr any damage persn hu dsnt suffer frm fall in love ???. its great feeling of love I think I dont hqve. Kilo atanuda borate doctoring korcho.
This famous faceoff between the three men, known as the trio scene, is regarded as one of the best examples of editing in cinema history. The good the bad and the ugly.
The disorder that turns you into pathological joker. Kuriakose, this isnt about you or me . Shivan Kaul an icle you otter read p. Jaani we understand the pain. Oh There you are chandler bing. Did Shakespeare suffer from it?. Jordan Lawrence .
Im probably the world most ordinary king.
Believe it or not its roots go back to the 1500s.
What kind of men do feministminded women like to watch on the screen and why? Scroll finds out. Buy Cool Point & Shoot Camera @
Lesserknown attractions on popular route.
Dalmatian pelicans are the largest species of pelican, and one of the largest flying birds in the world. But one of their most impo ant colonies is under threat. Please Share Stop Animal Abuse Save Elephants
Fire chaser The man obsessed with putting out blazes. Read his story this Sunday UnsungIndians It is great it is great HATS OFF . May God be with him to give power strength to keep it up and keep him healthy
A student leader from top university charged with sedition returned to his campus on Thursday, and made fiery speech that has gone viral in India. The speech which is breaking the Indian internet right now. Share, share, share. Kanhaiya kumar makes mark in national politics with remarkable speech, calculated counter attack against the peddlers of fake nationalism. This is what patriotism is all about. Hai Haq hamara Aazad Hm lekar rahenge Aazadi Dangaaiyo se Aazadi Samantvaad se Aazadi Sanghvaad se Aazadi Bhukhmari se Aazadi Punjivaad se Aazadi Manuvaad se Aazadi Brahamnvaad se Aazadi Hai Haq hamara Aazadi Tum kuch bhi kar lo Hum lekar rahenge Aazadi Aazadi, not from India, but in India. Modiji mann ki baat ka hai, sunta nahin StandWithJNU. What will the British government do when their students raise antinational slogans? Give them appreciation letter? Really BBC Your post stinks . There is an old Indian saying, Whatever happens, happens for the good . Thanks to improved Kanhaiya, I hope JNU and all Univ. are cleaned up now, and nobody dare stand suppo ing Pakistan and say antiIndia stuff. And as far as Kanhaiya is concerned, Indian politics ocean has given bi to new Kejriwal. Welcome Kanhaiya, Nitish is waiting for you in Patna Patliputra Chankya land . . The fascist govt in India need to learn they cant muzzle the voice of dissent especially of reason. Long live freedom of speech and dissent I think the time has come when all the tax payer should stop paying taxes In parliament the congress MP are wasting the money by creating the disturbance not allowing the government to function properly and outside the parliament this cheap so called students JNSU leader Belonging to poor family He should remember that his fellowship comes from the pocket of taxpayer Wase platform accha mil gaya India ko ekkk aur bolne wala Neta mil gaya like kejru Delhi CM He also have chosen the sho est way to become politician criticise Modi,As modi is responsible for all the pove in India,corruption in India Congress and other pa not in scenario Modi is running India from last decades Accha hai Iske Acche din aaa gaye No doubt here in his whole speech Id rather say political diplomatic sentences he arises some basic questions of equality of rich & poor the ideology of communism and of dharm nirpechchta secularism . I believe he contradicts his actions with his speech. 1 A man preaching Equality must oppose caste based reservations & stop using the word like dalit pichde etc 2 A person preaching Secularism must oppose religion based benefits & stop using words like alpsankhyak minority , instead he can use an Indian. 3 In initial pa of his speech he says soldier is his brother, and while concluding he insults the exarmymen as the mob governed from nagpur i.e rss . Im not sure how to explain how cunningly he said all this He should not be branded anti national just because he speaks against bjp or rss, but One thing to notice, he never blamed the one who ruled for 60yrs for all the long existing issues within the nation , which clearly shows he is politically motivated . A politically motivated speech, may be job offered by Congress. Anyways, what aazadi this idiot wants, from whom if he feels he is not free in India, he better take visit to few other countries and will soon realise how Good India as country is Being student at 30, living off shamelessly at that age on someone else hard earned money & having the guts to speak against our country isnt amusing A person living on freebies at 30,preaching about freedom,could well be stated as Joke of the Year.This can happen only in our Country It sheer insult to many hardworking students who have studied with determination,got into good colleges by merit & eventually inspite of best oppu unities have joined the armed forces. Sad, very sad state of affairs indeed This is what happens when govt is unable ro govern instead become fascist anarchist boy whom no one knew suddenly becomes hero tight slap on govt who are high on rhetoric low in uniting people. Ye congress ke mazdoor hai bin salary wale gulam Afzal kaha chup Gaya This is media propaganda machine member of antinational he was on bail defaming Indian pm it very painful. Kanhiya story is just like Harry Potter story. Entire kingdom of Vodemo against him to hunt him down witch hunt and apa him with his friends and his Ideology like venkaiah naidu said let him keep distance indirectly forced him to desist his speeches and expressing his views Dark LORD used all his wizard like Doctored videos, fake Photoshop image, fake eye witnesses, Delhi police, Abvp , also special weapons i.e Sympathy of people by mislead the discussion towards Indian Army and corrupted news channels also Gyan dev Ahuja. But at the end new star rise new dawn with courage to speak and rise his questions even with that kind of dominance. A rebel who ask questions and demand right answer Ajadi. I think modiji is done great job since 2014 and no one has the right to speak inferiority about him Excellent speech no doubt. It is ti me the Govt realise that there are virus within who are doing more harm to the pa and country through their nonsensical statements Good to know that people are now focusing on real problems like getting rid of RSS influenced government Another example of how media houses like Zee TV have become tools of spreading the lies of RSS type mentalities. Great Speech He has actually spoken with lot of gut and charisma Hope he doesnt deviate from the issues and sta into politics of things Once upon time afzal also wrote essay,in the suppo of indian democracy,it like 100 chuhe khakr billi haz ko chli This guy can say anything for media attention , it is very easy to shout and criticize . Since he is criticizing only current government , we all know whose backing he has got. Y cant he do something of substance and play constructive role in Nation Building in case he is really worried about the country. Ugly pa is that all political pa ies did not unite against anti national slogans. Good pa is almost all youth and common man are uniting against them A student aged 28 who is wasting tax payers money and chanting pak zindabad and some minority supo ing him as they hate pm and they love terorist as they belong to one religion And High cou relentlessly rebuked him and even to the faculties of JNU advising them to perform guidance to these students to be in the main stream . Anybody can guess how harsh is the interim order . And cou of Justice cleared that out of seven video evidences two were doctored that means rest five have some anti national things. And ordered to the police to keep watch on them for fu her trial after six months Time for behead every anti India student need strict rule regulation Beheading is impo ant. Bhakts cant stand all the popularity he is getting They cant believe they did this they made him what he is today Now they are all over the place barking about nationalism and the army D. Many More kanhaiyas to be born in India . He should be killed as leftists thinks against India Pardon? He didnt returned, he is granted bail. If editor cant brush your teeth then please brush your knowledge and stay updated wid information will help it .
Student leader Kanhaiya Kumar charged with sedition in India has been freed on bail yesterday. BBC India interim bail. At least publish correctly man I can understand your pathological hatred towards the present govt. but respect the ethics of journalism, at least Same goes for you too BBC News. Students are called future of country They must care properly from all parents, college or institutes, society and governments They should guided in best future path as best citizens the country as Dr APJ Abdul Kalam , our late President of India Dream Dream to make our India top no in the world . What great speech he gave at JNU after his bail. What great talent what great Orator. Rise of great leader from prison. India need youth leader like him in our Parliament A Rebellion question riser. He is great leader. I salute you brother Ajadi. If an episode like this would have happened anywhere in the world the repercussions would have been more serious They are lucky to be in country which is more tolerant . Mr. BBC in india there is nothing like Hindu nationalist. If someone insists I will have to say how about Hindu secularist Enough is enough. How much money has been given to media by Indian communist and congress to make hype an anti Indian to hero to get the political mileage? Suppose, I oppose assignation of Osma Laden and protesting with his picture and sloganeering within the campus of Oxford, Leeds George Mason University Washington State University, then what will be the reaction of BBC?. I liked his speech after he got bail from jail What true hero he is. Prestitute like bbc will not tell what the judge said Who wants to earn online at home for the rest of your life without any investment ?? All you need to have is sma phone with internet connection Interested guys inbox me It genuine without any fraud on condition lol. Evolution in india.
A social initiative is taking surplus food from eateries and distributing them among the needy. via Scroll A good initiative to wards Social Development
The new Bugatti Chiron, unveiled yesterday at the Geneva motor show, was presented with PS1.9m about $2.6m price tag with no shame. Billionaires only.
Nepal to extend Everest permits. Some rare beauty of ea exists in many countries of the world Now tourism world wide notes and publishes? Nepal Everett climber Permits also so attractive. We dont know the equal length of all sides and hight also. A useful subject to know, study A tourist place to many people of the world .
The former head of the UN climate change panel IPCC , Rajendra Pachauri, has been formally charged in an Indian cou in case of sexual harassment. I, don believe it until proved in cou of law . Poor man usually seems trapped, fooled by woman who seeks power,capital ,fame or just want to fulfill biological desires should have kept office separate from woman
It the first of March and weve got you covered. vishvaas krke dekhiye dostoN, Champcash aapkii jindgii ko bdl degaa, sirph mhinaa jo bndaa dil lgaakr kaam kr liyaa Champcash meN vo phir kbhii piche mudd kr nhii dekhegaa dosto 2mhinaa apkii income 100doller se jaadaa hogii ye Champcash kaa krishmaa hai sponser ID puchne pr 183408 or 293641 ye ddaale. agar samjh nhi aa raha ki ye kya hota hai to cotect me. 7800816552my whatsapp no. only aise bande massage kare jo life me success hona chahte hai. baki sab ca oon chanell dekhe baith kar
Great images rewrite history.
He was impossibly photogenic no matter which angle he was filmed from. via Scroll Thanks for the reminiscent of Talat, great singer Who gives hoot. Cool Good news Now launch in USA UK Indonesia. If you have android mobile than conve it into ATM just by installing CHAMPCASH application from PLAYSTORE. 2.Earn Every time you Install an application from champcash and earn everytime when your friends also install applicationfrom champcash. 3.you can withdraw this amount by PayPal. 4.Champcash is india based hundreds 100 percent genuine mlm company. 5. Download champcash application from PLAYSTORE and register in it by putting sponsor Id 420008 OR follow 6.Now app will open and sta earning unlimited by installing apps and earn unlimited just by referring it to your friends from your sponsor Id. 8. Champcash is ce ified registered mlm company with CIN NO. U35990HR2015PTC054530 And service tax no. AAFCC9316HSD001 9.Champcash is launched in USA UK and Indonesia. So friends hurry up and sta earning. For more information contact me on what app 919021272809. EARN MONEY FROM ANDROID MOBILE WITH OUT INVESTMENT 100 FREE APPLICATION KNOW AS CHAMPCASH. 1.OPEN PLAYSTORE ON YOUR ANDROID MOBILE TYPE CHAMPCASH INSTALL IT. 2.PUT REFF ID 3.INSTALL ALL APPLICATIONS BY AS GIVEN THERE ACCORDINGLY. 4.YOU WILL GET A LIST OF MAXIMUM 10 APP TO INSTALL AS SOON AS YOU COMPLETE THIS PROCESS YOUR CHAMPCASH APP WILL OPEN AND YOUR REFF ID WILL GET ACTIVE AND YOU GET 1$ BONUS. 5.THEN GO TO INVITE AND EARN AND STA REFF OTHERS. 6.WE GET PAYMENT IN WAYS 1.BANK ACCOUNT REDEEM IS MIN 10$. 2.RECHARGE LEAVING THE BONUS AMOUNT 1$ .MAX 50RS RECHARGE PER DAY. 3.WORLDS 1ST COMPANY WITH 100 FREE WITHOUT INVESTNMENT CONCEPT . NO LIABILITY NO MONEY ROTATION NO PRODUCT SELLING HOW DOES THE COMPANY GIVES MONEY WITHOUT TAKING ANY INVESTMENT ? ITS IS GENERATING MONEY FROM THE ADVE ISER WHICH YOU INSTALL ON YOUR MOBILES PUT REFF Id 1650969 CALL OR WHATSAPP 09990626618 Earn More Panel Features 1. You Will Earn Every time you Install App. 2. You will Earn Every time Your Team Members Install Any App. 3. You can redeem it Instantly. 4. You can Earn Fixed Income through Earn More Panel. 5. We are First Company in World Who is Giving RePurchasing Income From team without Any investment. How Much You can Earn Through Earn More Suppose You Have Team of 5000 Persons upto levels and if 5000 persons installs apps per week And if You gets Rs. Per Person then You can Earn Rs. 10,000 Per week Very Easily. Apps Per Week 2 Team 5000 Persons Earning Per Person Eg for Apps Rs 2 Income Per Week 5000x2 Rs 10,000 Income Per Month Rs. 40,000 Champcash Full Plan Powerpoint PPT in English Champcash Full Plan Powerpoint PPT in Hindi . Visit .
Filling bowl full of food may make us feel fuller and more satisfied. It very foody and sounds interesting I feel like to have food right now in bowl
Saving Mumbai water one tap at time. Stay tuned for Aabid story tomorrow UnsungIndians
The supercar maker latest model was created to conquer the weekend getaway. Pa time job without investment NO REGISTRATION FEES Earn daily 500rs 1000rs by working hours per day For more information write JOIN Send to WhatsApp no. 919450049849.
If everybody works together on conservation effo the species could survive for thousands of years.
Sleep is strategic resource that most companies are ignoring.
The problem with the Modi government is its ambivalence over tolerance It either tolerates too much, or too little. via Qua This is not growing issue, this post contains compilation of such instances. Im not being biased or expecting you The BBC to be polarised, but there are also many positive thingsinitiatives that have been done by the BJPNDA government, which in my perspective overshadows these negative things. Although, I do agree with the facts written in this post The BBC hates Modi only for the reason he is Hindu and writes lot of nonsense about him. There is no ambivalence here. BBC is intolerant towards Modi and writes screwed up icles BBC India post like these will keep endorsing you as presstitutes. The biggest blunder by Modi govt. for South Indian states are Hindi imposition and Hindi imperialism. There is no linguistic equality in the country. RSS is literally controlling this pa BBC INDIA if you say anything which criticized or questions this government they will accused as Anti National So dont write icles , dont rise question . Perform as the three monkey of Gandhi ji . if there anything correct that happened to India and world economy is Mr Modi The way China has screwed up the world will realize that the Indian middle class with jobs will be the new ruling superpower with demand and supply coming from inside INDIA From an impo reliant nation we are becoming self reliant nation thanks to super effo by our PM and only thing you can look at some fringe elements who really dont come in day to day life of ordinary working Indian . yes Modi gov. is over tolerant. they should reduce tolerance level bit. and shot every antinationalist and its suppo ers right between the eye isnt it???. Very well said. Its true in all respect. But other pa ies have one gole to oppose and critisize modi ji. Sorry but we Indians do not need hypothetical non issues intolerance from media BBC who cannot differentiate between fact & fiction and bbc has the fine of accusing modi falsely in every issue go back scumbs go back to ur country we dont need foreign media. Well,That seems bit biased. In spite of mistakes if any by the Government the opposition can not take Hyena like attitude to eternally hold up parliament even after its realcontrived outrage has been expressed.That is not only being intolerant but almost anti development of the nation The political correctness is the mantra of the suppo ers of the ruling pa y. Whatever the govt. do is Right and should not be questioned . Rather than than the rightness or wrongfulness in govt action the intolerance among its ministers and followers which make them brand all dissenting voices as Anti national is the real issue . It is threat to the very basis of Indian nationalism Unity in diversity The only work dome by Modi is Communal violence witnessed rise in 2015, with 751 incidents recorded across the country. Among the top states in terms of communal incidents were Uttar Pradesh 155 , Karnataka 105 , Maharashtra 105 , Madhya Pradesh 92 , Bihar 71 , Rajasthan 65 , and Gujarat 55 Please we dont have any problem with Modi government in fact his era is superb. Modi Government is the Best thing that has happened to Indian Politics lots of things have changed take example of National Highways which were improved drastically in past few months Those poor roads and pot holes constant for past 35 yrs were repaired That awesupersome Im sure many many people from Suburbans would agree why didnt the last Government do the same . it was mistake to vote Modi an BJP to power. BBC ignore the comments from the victims of demagoguery, whose ancestors were either rich or had been preliterate and living in impoverishment and now they are able to exptess I guess the Brits screwed up along with Uncle Sam in both Iraq and Afghanistan. Lol this is like someone with two legs gone making fun of someone with one nail gone D D. Where is true BBC here Qua seriously ? Devjyot Ghoshal is Arsenal fan That speaks the level of the man who writes this . Indian Presstitutes and the finea of ProstitutingPowerOfMedia for few shiny coins. dont ur presstitutes write about UK sponsored ISIS trails and the way russians have been ruining ur free run in syria. We Indians know very well what he is doing.
When to quit good job. Be your own boss. Get self sta now & live life INDIAN ? DIAMOND CREW ? JAM Session ? J ? LATES
Looking and seeing are not the same thing.
New Top Gear hosts Chris Evans and Matt LeBlanc leave BBC HQ in London on Friday morning for their first roadtrip in roofless Reliants. I love it . Bot on Fire powered by Ahmed ijaz P .facebook.comahmedejaz.mohdlatif.
About ninetenths of the world natural diamonds pass through Gujarat where they are cut and polished before being sold on through the trading houses of Antwerp and Dubai. Rohan Now would have been good time to buy diamond P. Dimonds are forever. Dimond polishing state not forever?. How is this possible? when the biggest diamond is seated on . The truth triumphs alone the lie is always in need of accomplices HumanRights searchingthetruth italianmarines.net.
Dont let fugitive lions put you off.
Why we all need more days off work. yes take the day off and YETstill demand for equal pay as compared to what the MALE employees getreceive .
She lost her daughter in an accident on the very spot she manages traffic today to save lives. Read her story this Sunday. UnsungIndians One of the principal reasons of road accidents is Bad roads and over speeding. We must improve roads and make road markings see her everyday really salute this lady for what she do the worst pa is govt officials are least concerned .they are just blind for traffic scenario and road safety. She is very hardworking. She performs her duty even in summers under the sun. We see her almost everyday. Performs better then on duty traffic police men It sad that it took the loss of daughter to realise the need of good management. She is saving other human beings, why our trafiq people cant manage traffic. I have seen her many times she does great job at that cut Hats off for her selfless services. Curious to know which place is this not matter of Gender its great humanity and attitude Hats off. She is very great. Great God bless her. Great Lady. Great women. Great attitude. . . India has the worst traffic Great human being. Yash Chandwani.
A few times per year if you are in the right place at just the right time and luck is on your side you might get to see Dubai turn into futuristic city in the clouds. A bigger hypocrite in this entire exercise is the neta whose messengers these media houses seek to be. A charlatan Rahul Gandhi, grandson of Indira Gandhi who imposed Emergency on the country, now speaks for freedom of speech And the bed fellows of the Congress during Emergency, the CPI and CPM, join the chorus to side with the insurgents who hold sway in the premises of JNU. The communists, killers of many land owner in Bengal in the late 1970s and of RSS pracharaks and swayamsevaks in Kerala, are now preaching tolerance, led by CPM Sitaram Yechury and CPI D Raja Mind you, these socalled moderates provide breeding ground for the more rabid outfits like CPIML, closeted Maoist pa y, whose student wing AISA is. In any model of extremism, there is always an incentive to turn shriller. Just as Pakistanis with terror inclinations are moving from the LeT to the Islamic State aka Daesh , it is tempting for JNU student with communist bentofmind to move from the SFI to AISA. Then, AISF, DSU, DSF et al compete for the space, and many gullible, young onlookers within the varsity premises might well get this impression in the process that being antinational is cool . The more overthetop you go, the better . Really very nice appearance on the sky.
How is it so cheap? It is Patni PC model, if we all remember, what Patni did around 15 years ago. Mass booking 100 million booking X Rs 251 and invest capital for next months, cancel 90 orders and return back most of orders, money back if customer wants money and you can trace customer or customer can trace you. As company you already created multi billion cash flow to play for months and sell the company to some other company It can be done. Profit is minimal but if sell large numbers? Delivery in months To see owners still around for delivery . This is to fool the people, feku model, you hardly get one lunch , dinmer with rs 250. A of fooling One thing that concerns me is the possibility of this phone, which is allegedly the Chinese made Adcom as is shown in most online discussions , being malware preinfected phone with chances of compromising user privacy SCAM Ale Freedom251 CheapMobile Scam. Fraud company Ringing BellThere large possibility of SCAM going on in the name of Cheapest mobile phone in India Freedom251for Rs. 251 only. Beware, its very new company with no details available, and only having 45 page website. The company established Sept 2015 only and the website freedom251.com purchased this month only. Its 100 scam in name of cheap mobiles. Same company ringingbells.co.in sold sma phonefor Rs. 2999 this month on Feb 10 and people have not got even order confirmation. No response from company in this matter and no numbers are working. Emails are bounced back. People are complaining they have been scammed on this phone and now thecompany is coming with almost similar specification phone 3G instead of 4G for Rs. 251 only, whichlooks SCAM only. So just beware ofit. Its pretty easy to scam in this manner, 251 1,00,000 251,00,000 That 2.51 Cr and with this price tag of Rs 251 for such sma phone, people can think of forgetting Rs 251and purchase. Company will take 2.51 Cr rupees just by creating 45 page website and some marketing online. People will also not complain for fraud as they will think its ok, the amount is not big just Rs. 251.So just BEWARE. Dont loose your Rs.251 also.Company is sta ing booking from today 6.00 AM. Hope my post is read by more people and more people are saved. Please do share govts Act they will provide only limitted piece , kindly go webpage urself knows fact, tat none cont book it. I have trouble believing it not leveraging government subsidy It is either fake or hidden some corruption Dont buy this phone.4 months usage should cause canser.this mobile banned in china Is this phone kind of JOKE? or great HOAX??. Flooding the country with rubbish. This are company details. Look at the Company address and Directors address all look fake BRUSSELS Thousands of steel workers marched through Brussels on Monday to demand the European Union maintain its protections against cheap Chinese impo s, which industry executives said were destroying jobs and the environment. Some 5,000 protesters packed the European district of the Belgian capital, where many European Union offices are, and their leaders handed an engraved metal plaque with their demands to JeanClaude Juncker, the president of the European Commission. The commission is scheduled to propose this year whether to grant China marketeconomy status, which Beijing says is its right 15 years after joining the World Trade Organization. Critics say it would give China license to dump products at unfairly low prices in Europe. They also say up to 3.5 million jobs would be at risk. Commission officials put the maximum job loss at 211,000. RELATED COVERAGE ArcelorMittal Repo Nearly $8 Billion Loss and Plans to Raise $3 Billion FEB 5, 2016 Show Full A icle The truth is its China made phone This sure is phoney . Interesting if it works. Cheaper then good dinner. Cheap phone $ .
You never know who you might meet. You never know who you might meet that what I like about travelling ,Every step is new experience helping us understand this world better. Good icle .
Anger is running high after Mr Kumar was beaten up by lawyers when he was brought to cou on Wednesday. Jinki education Indian ppl tukde pe pal rahi The very country which feeds them these bloody mfs want to destroy it want India into ten pieces Chanting slogans in favour of plane hijacker and Afzal guru Terrorist are not Indians but these people who belongs from India itslef are more dangerous than terrorist Ashamed very ashamed No one have chanted against India, Central govt have already mentioned that in the repo . But dumb bakths will never understand Modi government is failed look $ is 68.47 and he doing drama on name of patriotism and arrested innocent students and dive pepole attention from real problem puls dal price is above 225 per kg farmer are suside and modi busy behind world tour and when he visit india do only one things only election companig and blame congress thx they not blame for sunami Fools like you BBC are making sure that the event which should get covered i.e make in India week is sidelined by this small issue A bigger hypocrite in this entire exercise is the neta whose messengers these media houses seek to be. A charlatan Rahul Gandhi, grandson of Indira Gandhi who imposed Emergency on the country, now speaks for freedom of speech And the bedfellows of the Congress during Emergency, the CPI and CPM, join the chorus to side with the insurgents who hold sway in the premises of JNU. The communists, killers of many land owner in Bengal in the late 1970s and of RSS pracharaks and swayamsevaks in Kerala, are now preaching tolerance, led by CPM Sitaram Yechury and CPI D Raja Mind you, these socalled moderates provide breeding ground for the more rabid outfits like CPIML, closeted Maoist pa y, whose student wing AISA is. In any model of extremism, there is always an incentive to turn shriller. Just as Pakistanis with terror inclinations are moving from the LeT to the Islamic State aka Daesh , it is tempting for JNU student with communist bentofmind to move from the SFI to AISA. Then, AISF, DSU, DSF et al compete for the space, and many gullible, young onlookers within the varsity premises might well get this impression in the process that being antinational is cool . The more overthetop you go, the better . This shows that the lawyers and police in Delhi are the hired goons of BJPABVP, since no enforcement was taking place. So far no lawyer his been arrested or tivked off for his behavior , animal.like . The longer it takes it will be forgotten Indian gvt should stop all the benefit which has been giving to this Desh drohi We dont want to use our tax to this kind of pakistan lover student If they want to get benefit than call pakistan gvt terrorist and their backers no place in india. The one who suppo Terrorist is not terrorist but the one who beats terrorist is also terrorist. Yugpurush Kejriwal IWillNotTolerate. All JINU & antinationalist should be killed or pushed in Pakistan to save India Dont spread lies All Indians are against this traitor. only those can march against sedition who are anti nationals and bear separatist mindset. democracy freedom to speech in india. Indians are happy that lawyer brothers did some good work Dont worry free world is with
Make your home work for you.
A number of sessions focussed on the relations between the two countries. via Scroll
Did the USSR really win the moon race? US fake the moon landing Why not after that no one lands on MOON.Because landing on moon is not possible because of high rays and still scientists are not confident about technology to land on MOON.They fake moon landing in AREA 51 hhahahhaha. Did Apollo really land on Moon ?. Plus one for Soviet Nice.
Many animals unconsciously alter the sex ratio of their offspring, producing extra boys or extra girls. Nice one thanks lot .
Meet the man who feeds, and gives medicines to abandoned patients in Bihar. Read his story this Sunday UnsungIndians This is Sarbat da bhalla. Following in the footsteps of Bhai Kanayia. A true Gursikh. Veerji I salute you Boley So Nehaal Sat Sri Akaal. May Wahe Guru Ji protect you This is called true and faithful Sikh If every Sikh person is like him,our punjab will be paradise on this ea God bless him and give him strength to continue this seva We join ourselves to salute you for the good deeds you had done and followed the pious path of Gurudev ji and He will have his blessings on you to all people like you .A GREAT Shesh it about bihar so thought youd be interested. Ppl like gurmeet singh proves that humanity is still alive work. God bless you all the time. God bless you all the time. God bless you. God bless him xx. o0 0o BBC India . Meet the man who feeds, and gives medicines to abandoned patients in Bihar. Read his story ? this Sunday UnsungIndians P JUST NOW PE BACK P BBC India BOT BY PUNU PATEL . Truely inspirational. god bless him.
You may have heard this modern antilanguage in the past but it sounded like nonsense.
The most riveting scene in cinematic history. At the same time it would be wo mentioning the even Samurai of Kurosawa, which influenced the Western Movies very deeply Ive always said this especially the first time you see it the music is haunting and mesmerising Love it. Its Clint Eastwood the good and Elli wallach the ugly Brings back those memories from my teen days Clint Eastwood was fav Bhavini Jain clint eastwood in this remember . watching this movie for more than decades I think clint eastwood franco nero. A Film with no female ists. Clint Eastwood legend days of yore good old Madras . most magnificent music ever heard in movie, especially the main theme. hilarious music Clint Eastwood Unique Amazing movie No Technology No Graphics
As the cost of technology has fallen in recent years, more and more treasure hunters have emerged.
It called High Intensity Interval Training, and it can supposedly do wonders for your health all with just few minutes per week. .
The very idea of death changes our thoughts in profound ways.
Strange monsters that prowled Australia. Now human monsters prowl everywhere.
What that word again??
Leopard wreaks havoc in school in India. Full story here funny that man trying to jump the fence.leopard be like where you going man.you poke and then you run. D. I am sorry your title should be humans wreck havoc for leopard in India . Joshua I thought you posted this when it popped up on my feed. Lol. Hira Attique are you thinking what Im thinking Actually its playing may be find it weird. Poor thing was scared for its life George Knowles. Well its terrified . and people taking videos. Life of pi.
Just tip Just because you sat next to someone in 10th grade chemistry doesnt mean they need to be one of your professional connections. .
An Indian soldier who was buried after an avalanche struck the Siachen glacier in Indianadministered Kashmir six days ago has been found alive, military officials have said. The name is Siachen World highest battleground. So unfair to call it miracle Only Indian Army cld do it. Long live the Indian Army Respect. its siachen glacier worlds highest battle ground only indian army is trained and equipped to guard siachen respect. Thanks God Atleast one of our bravehea is found alive.I wish speedy recovery for him Saved for the serve. He loved his nation enough to defy death. Salute. Miraculousely survived under 20 feet of snow @ 40C for days Why is miraculously rescued in quotes?. Salute to his spirit to live. Thanks to god. Thank God. Not yet on to die now list Great wonder of God. Fake news Not possible. Keep calm and Respect Indian Army. Hi Guys I Finally found the link original to movie. watch Deadpool FullMovie Ride Along FullMovie goo.glA46qdl Batman Superman Dawn of Justice FullMovie Barbershop The Next Cut FullMovie goo.glA46qdl Fifty Shades of Black FullMovie Daddy Home FullMovie goo.glA46qdl The Legend of Tarzan FullMovie Pride and Prejudice and Zombies FullMovie goo.glA46qdl Creed FullMovie Good Movie be Happy enjoy to watch
Females only produce eggs every three to four years.
Trump politics are the politics of the spectacle. cultOFpersonality.
In 1942, forest ranger hiking near India Roopkund Lake stumbled across sta ling discovery the shallow, glacial lake was surrounded by human skeletons.
The idea is that if you repeatedly have pa icular experience surrounded by ce ain colour, then you eventually begin to associate that colour with the way you were feeling or behaving.
In 1974 newsreader named Christine Chubbuck committed suicide on live TV. Her story has been largely forgotten, but two new films try to unravel why she did it.
The cancer survivor with the mission to make children smile. Read his story tomorrow as pa of our UnsungIndians series
Nothing to worry about here, it just spot of playful interspecies roughhousing. Its not playing just trying to get the FLESH pa lol.
There is fine line between being respectful and being irreverent.
Star po raits from Sundance.
Earlier in the week, two protesters were ejected from one of Trump rallies in Iowa after they unfurled banner that read Stop Hate, referring to Mr Trump call for temporary ban on all Muslim immigrants. We meet one of those protesters, Arish Singh, Sikh American comedian from Iowa.
Most of us do it, but few of us will admit to it.
Check out these natural born beauties. E type, type nd db5. Mother of lxzry. Not made in INDIA not for INDIANS
Small steps, big impact Meet the doctor trying to convince Indians that daughter is as precious as son UnsungIndians every Sunday on BBC News sta ing January 31st. Girls are wonderful. No doubt about it No one can do it only sirrrrrr.
Photographer Smita Sharma has been chronicling the lives of rape victims in India for years. In India, There are so many people who is going the struggles, pain and suffering for the fair treatment of all women now and in the future. As result of the continued struggles today and in the years to come the women and the girls of India in the future, will be safe, secure, and treated fairly. As history has repeatedly shown us, this does not happen over night, but eventually it does happen. After you and I are gone the dream and vision of all Indian women today will be the reality in the future british news company who lost all its sense just look at your country and then think about india. Disgusting scense happen al tym hate bl uddy person who has bluddy issued . .
Printed books remain the most popular means of reading, but over the past decade ebooks have made valiant effo at catching up.
The mystery of vanishing cancer bbc.in1ONUsVo
Why do you get eye floaters?
Indian prisoners on death row will now be allowed to meet their families one last time before being executed.
How you can impress in less than 60 seconds. jo kisi bahan bhai ne pandit tantrik se dokha khaya hua wo jarur call kare love marriage vashikaran gada dhan specialist no comment only call 919828664692 specialist khan baba indian astrologer is very renowned ?love Vashikaran Specialist BABAJI?email khanyunus187 a h k r n ,love vashikaran specialist aghori baba ji,get my love back by black magic vashikaran mantra for love ,baglamukhi shabar mantr,kamakhya vashikaran mantra,love spell,vodoo spell,make money spell,lottery no satta no kamdev vashikaran mantra in hindi vashikaran mantra in hindi astrology love marriage specialist 919828664692 no comment only call 919828664692 love vashikaran guru ji 919828664692 divorce problem solution 91982866492 love problem solution 919828664692 businees problem solution 919828664692 husband wife disputed solution 919828664692 beauty problem solution 919828664692 childless women problem solution 919828664692 black magic specialist baba ji 919828664692 mohini vashikaran mantra 919828664692 girl vashikaran mantra 919828664692 powerful vashikaran totke 919828664692 kala jadu totke 919828664692 khanyunus187 no comment only4 call 919828664692.
Get the popcorn ready. Only waiting for Season of game of thrones tbh. jo kisi bahan bhai ne pandit tantrik se dokha khaya hua wo jarur call kare love marriage vashikaran gada dhan specialist no comment only call 919828664692 specialist khan baba indian astrologer is very renowned ?love Vashikaran Specialist BABAJI?email khanyunus187 a h k r n ,love vashikaran specialist aghori baba ji,get my love back by black magic vashikaran mantra for love ,baglamukhi shabar mantr,kamakhya vashikaran mantra,love spell,vodoo spell,make money spell,lottery no satta no kamdev vashikaran mantra in hindi vashikaran mantra in hindi astrology love marriage specialist 919828664692 no comment only call 919828664692 love vashikaran guru ji 919828664692 divorce problem solution 91982866492 love problem solution 919828664692 businees problem solution 919828664692 husband wife disputed solution 919828664692 beauty problem solution 919828664692 childless women problem solution 919828664692 black magic specialist baba ji 919828664692 mohini vashikaran mantra 919828664692 girl vashikaran mantra 919828664692 powerful vashikaran totke 919828664692 kala jadu totke 919828664692 khanyunus187 no comment only4 call 919828664692.
Sometimes the targets we set ourselves are just too high.
A trio at Massachusetts Institute of Technology has developed thin, transparent film that can store solar energy when the sun is shining, and release it as heat on command. That means that you can use this afternoon sunshine to defrost tomorrow morning windscreen.
Fines, jail terms and suspensions have been announced. no no it not true, last years that means WB in No. One Position on Cheating in School Examinations BBC has not come out of indiphobia Hey BBC India recently launced navigation satellite.You failed to cover it.Poor BBC . so many laws have come out to stop corruption has corruption declined ?. sb aise he bihari encotecenergy sales hr
All visual mediums will soon reach saturation point, calling it bombardment of images and misery that is becoming reality. encotecenergy sales hr
TRAI said poll prompting people to suppo the plan was crudely majoritarian and orchestrated . Kudos to TRAI for seeing through this farce. The way Facebook projected Free Basics as the panacea for the problems of India was illogical and misleading. If weather repo were all that was needed to produce successful crops, then India would not have been suffering from staggering number of farmer suicides, for weather repo can be released through radio, which has much wider coverage than facebook in rural India TRAI IS VERY MUCH JUSTIFIED AND LOGICAL IN ITS ACTION FACEBOOK TRIED TO DUPE INDIAN INTERNET USERS BY BIG BUDGET ADVE ISEMENTS.
Ever feel like youre experiencing something that has already happened in the past? It called deja vu and here an explanation to this phenomenon. We know what it means P Indian natives are not that ignorant yes hv that experience Jashandeep Singh.
Indian conglomerate Tata Steel will cut 1,050 more UK jobs in what the industry is calling wake up call for the government.
I did what I had to, I had no money but I had to meet her. I was cycling for love, but never loved cycling. It simple. He had no money then how did he manage to go to europe on cycle? tyre toh puncture hua hoga itni door jaane mein am not disrespecting him but people should know that its impossible to travel without money and adding had no money thing in every great story is kinda annoying just say had enough money to reach my destination had enough money to eat while travelling. It will not do any damage to your great love story Beautiful love story ? A movie can be made on this story, and since it true story it will become blockbuster, with some romantic songs to it ? . Imagine he is getting friendzoned and the reply would be Sorry I liked you as friend not likelike.So have safe trip back home P. during those days love was real and hardly there was any lust in it True Love Story in today materialistic world. It is quiet easy for bollywood film stars in Hindi movies I HAVE COMPLETED P.G. IN ECONOMICS FROM JYOTI VIHAR IN THAT YEAR Remarkable feat for the sake of love . Now that true love & it exists between hea s. thank god true love is still alive. Air tickets would be cheaper what lovely love story True love begins were nothing is expected in return . Mad love and I hope she dont ditch him after this . India to Europe on cycle how??. Beautiful love story Beautiful love story . this is the true love Bellwood where are you Wow. .great. . Simply superb. . She lucky to have man as him. Now that story movie should be made on. No she would have to cycle him back if she wants ny thing diff. only they both can feel the thrill
The country younger generation is driving much of the cheese trend. Get Pocket Money The App which gives Free Mobile Recharges and other rewards Download it here
Sudan pyramids far outnumber their Egyptian cousins and you can wander among the untouched ruins without another tourist in sight. The one to visit along with Egypt May due to lack of gold. But, you have to go to Sudan Not interested due to terrorist in Sudan.
Four new chemical elements were discovered. Are there any more? have to periodic table will always remain unfinished
I arrived in India Reformer but left an Acceptor. it here where destination evades distance and direction, giving sense of exploratory spo , search, guide it non sticky stations along friars road, highway to heaven city of joy no full stop in India, keeps toes trotting seeker territory who wish to fathom eternity in tiny times I had experienced situation this way.May tell the Truth,but to blame the other,anywhere,could Apparently, A few people do not understand straight forward remarks .
As you drift to sleep tonight, your mind will be doing remarkable things. Find out here
There are jobs in the sky. lol yah now depending on land is not sufficient so look up in sky and do business with Eagle and parrot D they are competitor haha.
In Sweden, it obligatory to eat coffee and cake. True story. Corporate houses in India are you listening . I favour both .
How to become genius. In sho , be normal .
The deep anatomy of last year devastating quake in Nepal is revealed in new analysis by scientists.
The pros and cons of having an office bae. Intimacy with someone you meet often, get along, and have some degree of similarity is somewhat inevitable Not cool if you have anyone at home waiting for you. Different if you are all ready with them
India Parsi population is down to critical 61,000. Need to change the concept of marriages within the community only That can be the root cause of fe ility decaying reason Their is need to do proper medical research on the community If needed the concept of marriage with in parsi community and marriages of outside community of parsi couple family growth couldve been throwly checked If requires the old concepts of Parsi Marriage system should adopt new policy to marriage rules May be based on not to go out the wealth to nonparsi community??? But now impo ance is to protect the Parsi Community even on the cost of outside marriages and protection form total extinct of community The girls married from outside will be having no problems for parsi boys and their prope Only problem is when daughters are marrying non parsi community The wealth has to shared out community or may be groom may get ready to adopt parsi religion and culture By this way parsi community can be saved from becoming extinct totally It just suggestion only The community shouldnt take it otherwise But these BBC people take notice of Parsi is good move otherwise BBC india is parent organisation of islam in this world So finally BBC take notice of minorities in India other muslims Otherwise paid tones hardly bother about genuine concerns. But anyway that good sta Keep going . Hmmmm Parsis should allow marriages with non Parsis. While doing this Parsi identity should be maintained. or else caste hindus who marries parsi girls would bring caste system among parsis Each national pa specially congress and SP talk about minority. And for them minority means Muslim community with population of 16cr. If 16cr people are minority than think there is no word in dictionary to define community with population of 61000 Economically well of community, marriages are talking place within, not able conceive, the reason best known to the community only These people are also minority in India, Bcs they dont mix wd other people they always think they are superior than others that live in India also they prefer to marry in family only i.e. cousins bcs of their wealth heard if they marry outside their community they are ostracised. This is sad we as indians respect them lot specialy when it comes to business and ethics . They dont recognise children where one parent is non Paris. Only full blood Parsis are recognised as such. This is one reason. Another reason is that many Parsis dont get married, and even if they do, have very few children BBC India please get exact information What is the Parsi Community? I Listen it for first time what is the exact profile of them in other countries ?. They get money to reproduce Government is protecting em There are lot of beautiful indigenous people on the verge of extinction One such communities is kodavas or Coorgs popularly called .The United Nations and the world community must take note of the situation very seriously . Our population is around 130 crores. dont worry bbc. A brother can marry his real sister That what I have heard The genes issue. Late marriages and few kids would mean extinction soon.They are really fine people. Mayank Tiwary less than tigers . Cause Good always Vanished. Law of nature Bcos of idiots religious taught. they 1 good community.
Google Ea View strikingly beautiful, abstract images of landscape youve never seen. Dear Candidates, Qualification Any under graduate , degree , post graduate , 12th etc students house wife job seekers innovative thinking person INCOME DETAILS Full time Rs.18000 to 34000 HOME BASED WORK 8000TO9000 PA TIME Rs. 9000 to 12000 Basic Computer Knowledge is enough Extremely competitive Salary, Promotional and IncentivesBenefits Package on offer to the successful candidates. If you hard work earn more income Please refer to the Job description above Interested candidates should contact in confidence Contact person Mr . AruN Kumar DO Mobile No 9092291975 , 9176538028 Your selection Process will be held under company rules and regulations & Apply Terms & condation apply
Some of the earliest and most systematic documentation of rejection of female sexuality in Indian literature is from Buddhist scriptures. via Qua It is said that Buddha was reluctant to allow women to become monks but after conversation with the famous cou esan Amrapali he reviewed his idea that is not misogyny Thinking on the Christian concept that man is born sinner simply because of the act which leads to the conception of child is far more derogatory and is truly misogynst Im sure this is just someone English interpretation of what was really meant. Im sure the meaning has been lost in transliteration. Please learn the language that was used at the time of these statements were made and then interpret it Read this icle, dude Mlechchas dont reject those things.
Tonight at 9PM
Forget the retirement home. Go here.
Sherlock premieres tomorrow are you ready to meet the Abominable Bride?
Who is the real middle class? via Qua has always been anti India.They get gastrix when India is progressing.99.9 of the time have always seen these guys posting negative India comments and not posting anything positive about India.They fail to digest how Indian growth is the highest in the world at the moment with other so called western countries about to fall into recession . Gulianna Valente India is an economy driven more by internal consumption or sale of services.Internal consumption does not come only for upper class.Middle class has huge role in it.I can see Economics is not your strong side.Considering when Italy own economy is in recession and India recording highest growth numbers you should worry about your own country and leave Indians to worry about India Indians are well qualified to take care of India India was rich but you looted it left right and center for more than century robbers done preach middle finger from our middle class to you And the most neglected in India too All the new rules and regulations being introduced in Delhi and Noida all target the biggest most productive class in society The beleaguered middle class . Dont twist the facts to suit your motive, BBC India India has recorded far better growth than the western countries reeling under recession. FOR A CHANGE, TRY LOOKING INTO POSITIVE ABOUT INDIA . Uneven distribution of wealth is one of the reason for our poor middle class, Rich people are socially economically educationally strong having lot of oppo unity, but these are not easy for poor Then Britain poor are India Upper Class ?Prejudice I. Bbc plz return our kohinoor daimond first our gold silver also coz these all real ornaments stolen by British thank god we poor in ur view but whole world knw about British company stolen each nd every real ornaments frm our kings. Please hide this pic, if Mr. Arvind Kejriwal, CM of Delhi or Mr. Najeeb Jung, LG of Delhi may see this, I am sure they impose restriction on Two stroke Scooter in the city. They already imposed restriction on Ladies pillinior riders without halmet, which resulted that the middle class ladies compele to stay at home. because the only option to come out with their families, is scooter or two wheeler, as they dont have car also Yes. India middle class live outside of India . Yes, Indian middle class cannot be compared to with the middle class people of developed nation. India middle class is actually the world poor . These surveys are based on people spending money on luxuries If they dont then they are poor The thing is Many middle class families in India are joint families Where they spent money on their other relatives to grow in their lives and share responsibility which is in contrast to western society Where they consume products because they want and not if they actually need it. Then BBC must also explain who had made these people poor. Who has looted India for 300 years The problem with the index is that it ignores intangibles or the quality of life.The love in family or society, care and consideration are factors that go beyond intangibles.Let us take the prime example of the recent chennai floods.The economic quantification was X billion Rs in damage.More people should have been pushed into Pove y.However the help received or the free capital inflows was not quantified economically.In sho qualitative factors that improve or depress life are not considered. Should one consider the results of flawed model and conclude that 1 when it can be 8,2 or infinity.Pove could also be pyschological in nature. That is why you have the terms poor rich. Bhutans Gross Happiness Index or Gross Happiness product could be used as more reliable model. Money is store of Value, It would be moronic to presume consumption income index is happiness To buy car is not tell us that middle class people are poor. The colonial era saw the systematic looting of India. Now they want to rob us of our self respect too atleast we dont have to look into telephone directory like britishers to know who our dad is BBC is now interested how are middle class is How about you look into how much maintenance your queen needs every month And what heck prices in your country any sane man cannot live there with those prices and you talk about some other country . Atleast Indian middle class is probs happy people of all. I live in state of West Bengal which was previously ruled by the Left Front Government for 34 years and what it effectively has done is make pove a ticket to life Garib Manush got away with anythingyou could steal, be rude. break laws and damage public prope at will, carry out exto ion etc So the middle class person is not an economic category, but someone who is too proud to beg or take to armed robberyis not organised and noisy Then why they say to Neplies middle class. Yeah, no kidding. Most of us are just serious illness away from the street. It seems growth in the economy is good only for small po ion of this country. The rest of us just have to watch and India rich is far richer than UK that they acuring UK most of the big name company e.g. Jaguar land rover and probably the happiest.
How far will day wage will stretch? Youll be surprised bbc.in1SBeJNU
Coming soon
It took Indian authorities four days to put down deadly attack on the Pathankot air force base near the Pakistani border which killed seven Indian soldiers and wounded another 22. It isnt debacle, terrorists attacked civilian area of airbase which made Indian forces proceed carefully. Primary objective of destroying critical technology equipment in airbase was successfully thwa ed. Of the only one causality was from direct action BBC India always repo ing negative stuff about India Never anything positive I wonder why. Too many cooks spoil the broth. The Army should have been allowed to handle the situation and it would have been finished in matter of hours. There was no need to fly in NSG for such an operation that too in military base with Div. HQ Is this what BBC repo s?? Shame on you guys It took four days to neutralize terrorists coz the prime motto was the safety of people out there . This is what common sense says. So that is what was being done. The terrorists were forced to take hide out and in the meantime people were being evacuated. And after that was was done the terrorists were neutralized. Its common saying in India nowadays People used to take up government jobs in the past because they did not have any work to do. In the recent times these people are moving towards journalism. theidiotbbc You F ng SoBs, whilst the Garuds continue to struggle for operational relevance amongst the plethora of India burgeoning Special Forces dont you understand simple logic, stretch the operation as long as you can so that you can exhaust and neutralize the threat if not catch one alive so that you can glean information. It is not Indian Special Forces struggling for relevance, but BBC News you are why talking abt time is it time to create guinnes record or 100mtrs run casualities from our side only on first day that to unarmed personnel preparing breakfast and one lt.col.accidental not by militants while diffusing bomb and later on our army carefully searched large area where they hide and eliminated all of them safely so its not abt time nd indian army didnt allow to touch war planes or helicaptors on base so teerorists failed on their mission its just they wanna create news and blame army any doubts kargil and three wars we won ar examples of our efficiency Army just want to catch them alive and thats why operation went slowly or else crack team can eliminate them within hours and main casulties were repo ed from firing on mess where unarmed soldiers were busy in preparing breakfast The BBC seems to be jumping with joy given its virulent anti India stance. But even dim wit would say that the response was debacle even if the terrorists from Pakistan had achieved .001 of their objective. They were all neutralised. Yes there were lapses and the casualty is on the higher side but the fact of the matter is that the attack has been repulsed. And by no means that can be called debacle. U can write whatever nonsense want to but the fact remains otherwise It truly shoddy handling the situation, whether this incompetency in handling the situation,will embolden the terrorist to try some other sensitive areas, why our leaders dont admit the incompetency of our forces work on how to improve make them world class professional soldiers?. It took four days for the mighty indian army to neutralize just six terrorists A sad commentary on our preparefness I am almost ce ain that had this been one of the select few nations, the emphasis would be on the terrorists and the act of terrorism, and not the perceived efficiency of response. I dont recollect reading any expe commentary on the effectiveness of Counter Terrorist forces after the Paris attacks. But I definitely remember half of my friends changing their profile pictures to the French flag overlay We dont need presstitutes doing an arm chair analysis of our brave ma yrs and we definitely dont need you in India BBC. BanBBCIndia. Because there are too many idiots on both sides who want to derail the peace process between India and Pakistan Not debacle. Inept handling. May be lesson for future. Good job Indian army. Never mind the debacle, it was learning how best to overcome deceit, which in no way diminishes the stellar performance of our brave young souls,. British force is more inept in city warfare than its Indian counter pa . Our Defence force is the Best You mind your own business BBC Don poke your nose in each and every aspect of our country Utter failure in getting information about the attack from the RAW & no coordination between any Govt agency to thwa the plan of attack. At least let everyone be on guard to defend India from those evil forces Indian army badly exposed in pathankot . Sell them on OLX It was not debacle all the assets were flown well before the attacked begin , yes more is to be done in future but let the Dialouge continue No doubt India should have prevented something as ridiculous as this from happening and could have dealt with it lot better, after indian soliders are comparatvly fast thn pakisis ryt D. keep your rifle inside and go home .No need to give your life for nation which is lead by confused people .Your life is precious for your loved ones .They will only shed crocodile tears once are gone . Salute of 21 gun shots some will fire others just wont . What pathetic nation BBC again trying to find fault in India this is not the colonial period now BJP admitted SAD & Santa Force of them allowed Babbar Bantas to attack stationed military, keeping Pakistan as victim of left over war trade. A State eager to go against nation since 1979. This prooves NIA must get autonomy of resource level manipulation & RAW must involve as checker of SAD agitation maybe even against Hindu Dalits etc. Amritsar once stored goons now may be Akali Charas
Lifestyles of India wealthiest. Great stats and icle. Would have loved to see their philanthropic interests and that would put these folks notch above .
It feels like you have entered parallel world with vibrant, forgotten history and rich culture.
Footage of deathdefying ride. .
The loneliest whale in the world. Aviva Baig thumbnail shot.
As the year comes to close, BBC Culture takes the most striking photographs and condenses it into single list. Happy new year.
The Vatican confirmed that the Nobel peace laureate Mother Teresa, who died in 1997, is to be made saint. What Pope does not understands that no Title or recognition is above the word Mother nothing can describe her more. You think any word as God or Angel or Saint etc etc is above Mother you are wrong. Aaaah She is PEOPLE SAINT Some would try and tarnish her coz their caste, religion, and linguistic groups had FAILED to produce 14th of Mother Teresa even after these many years. Never mind Missionary of Charities, keep doing good, do not ever look for recognition from mo al mankind, do not think of reward, for doing good is your DNA, others reso to terrorism, gender discrimination, domestic violence, and divisive politics. I am not Catholic, and am surely critique of the Vatican She is already in millions of hea s. The sisters of charity here in Paris who are the followers of Mother Teresa also help so much. Very sweet people saint conve ed most of hindu into christian . saint did great job for vatican. Saint?? Do you become saint just because somebody thinks you should be?? Corrupt catholic . Do pope Francis grant people to be saint.ohhhh Antichrist. Position of Mother is always more than any other position. Mother Teresa is more than an Angel for this world . A saint really? Read about the facilities and the way her and her sisters treated people She raised millions through donations but did not spend anything to improve health care She had her own agenda . Mother revealed the love of god to all of us. No noble soul will born again. Let us together pray for her and thank God. that terrible and faciliation of superstition.Pops criteria of two supernatural magic to be saint is condemnable itself Praise the Lord, she was the mother of poor. Really, She was saint than Social Worker Bought Millions of No hEast Brothers into the True Path of God and saved and fed them and cured them . D D D D Such Saint. St.Mother Teresa has saved millions and millions of people into the path of Jesus.she Fed them , took care of the sick and was living god.She kept Base at Kolkatta ,and has conve ed Meghalaya 74 AND NAGALAND 91 Manipur 70 Mizoram 87 and 60 in Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh.Its such large population in Hindutva Fascist Intolerant Nation .All could be saved into the path of Jesus Christ.Its such Great Work .She Really deserves to be Saint.Pray for us Dear mother. What the point of it She was already living saint pious soul That means god is created by Human only In the era of science ,this looks stupid I sent you guys letter in the mail on Friday her not me indeed She is very impo ant to me effectively during this instant Celine Fevrilliez. she is the mother of frauds . great women. Lov Mother Teresa.
Selling consumption in India on the back of spiritualism. Ramdevji is good yoga teacher. Patanjali products are qualitative and cost effective in comparison with rest. Why he cannot lead company on Ayurvedic style to help people? He doing good job What BBC does understands that products like Patanjali would take indirect market control out of White hands and they are threatened I fully suppo Baba Ramdev move to avail quality products Made in India to Indians Jay Ho. It true avatar of Make in India and Ramdev baba is doing great job. It time for foreign and indian FMCG company to learn that you cant fool consumer for long time with your branded costly items as it can be deliver at reasonable cost. That is what Ramdev Baba is doing Patanjali products are qualitatively superior. Congress government raided Patanjali manufacturing units after Ramdev raised the issue of black money and yet they couldnt find anything. Plus it is made in India and by buying patanjali products can make make that my money stays in India Yoga guru doesnt mean he has to renounce like saints. There are many companies held by various religious leaders world wide. I personally believe Corporate Social Responsibility will be more in these type of companies I am using few products of patanjali and they are way lot better than others Baba Ramdev is good businessman too. Rather than buying foreign brand I would prefer buying an Indian brand . So what? He has not renounced the world. He is still active for his own reasons. Kejrial can become activist, join politics, can do meditation. Aamir khan being an actor can act as activist. Actor, cricketer can become MP. Engineers can do MBA. non IT engineers can become software engineers. A chaiwala can become PM. But Yog guru Ramdev should not become businessman. What kind of hypocrisy is this ?. An independent Neutral Lab outside of India should do checkTest. This Kania is not teaching Yoga he is doing business We are happy to buy Indian products than British products This is so good news finally Indian is having this golden oppo unity to live healthy life their product is natural and quality is much higher then any other company, price is half. Thank you Baba Ramdev ji for taking this initiative Baba Ramdev ji we are with pls carry on the genuine effo that sta ed ur products are really good and tasted ur Patanjali Atta Noodles it was really Yummy no matter how much envious, uneducated and ignorant ppl speak against but they will all silent at the end becoz atlast only truth prevails Bharat Mata ki Jai Ramdev doing great job,quailty cost effective products.if dnt hv the apprehension of cow urine in his products,i would hv given all other brands If hippie can turn out to be business man, why not Yoga guru?. prefer his products over other and guess its better to suppo Make in India rather then suppo ing the products of other external cooperate companies, from rice too toothpaste everything is of best quality as M the regular user of his products I have that experience. India why dont you too extend your suppo to it or else please remove India from your name of your page. Thank you. Also, he is helping Indians to boycott impo ed goods for India on path of being selfsufficient Are you tapping to get Indian opinion? Cove Babas are running many businesses in India for decades and rulings the minds What your problem BBC? You better be banned in India He is not spiritual leader. He is only Yoga Guru. CEO of church and related assets worldwide is Pope. I never heard any higher level spiritual quotes from any Pope other than some sober political statements. In that case why BBC worried about an Indian citizen who got all the rights to do any legal business anywhere in this globe. ? . He is promoting yoga and health care product which are natural. no body else was doing it. whats wrong if he is trying it?. BBC will off course lose their mind as Pitanjali is now competing with Uniliver ,p and other european companies. Earning for Govt. to pay Rs. 15 lakhs to all Indians as promised during before election for B J P. He may fullfill his promise While you can use BBC image for anti india posts. Baba can use his image for good & true product why is he baba ramdev?.
Places where women have been raped in India. In Britain women and girls are raped in their own houses Places in Canada women have been raped. A school hallway during class hours, on top of table by many men in front of the entire bar, in taxi while the driver watched BBC always want to talk negative about India and they still have pain that Britishers kicked out of India almost 68 Yrs back I didn.t know of such problem until visited India and read local news and travelled around the country. I can say that had two very nasty and very unpleasant and rude accidents of leaning on buses although wasn.t alone as travelling there alone for women is insane I heard the root of the problem is lack of women as so many of baby girls are abo ed Why dont BBC India talks about good things in India? It irritating to read their nonsense all the time. How about UK? Am sure you must be aware of what happening there . When the apparently so called protectors indulge in such inhuman crimes, to whom will women trust now. Women genuinely feel unsafe everywhere because of such incidents. Protecting women would be more sensible than protecting cows. After all human mother is more presious than animal mother Dear sir, not only in India also in foreign BBC Mind your country business and affairs In Britain women get raped without even knowing it BBC writes as if no women is raped in Europe BBC ko problem kya hai India me divorce whole world ke according sabse kem hai kyo nahi bolta ?. Places where women have been raped in uk Westminister and their residence.Welcome to uk,the nation of bald paedophiles . India become world super power in raped I read news in about how girls as young as are raped by step dad in UK and the no. in thousands Britain school boy raped by teacher Well rapists get bail easily, cops dont investigate properly, dont apply proper sections, cases drag on forever, low conviction rates. What do you expect? Criminals get emboldened aaiye digital india se juddiye aur ghr baitthe laakho kmaaye aur duusre ko bhii kmaane kaa maukaa diijie koii investtmentt nhiiN hai aaiiye berojgaarii ko bhaa se ukhaadd phekne me hmaarii mdd kiijiye . . JOIN likhkr is WhatsApp No. 919906068761 pr send kiijiye . .jy hind Let join digital India. Earn money at home. No investment. Let eradicate pove from India. Send Join to whats app number 919906068761 Download champ cash from play store insatall it Open it Fill my refence id 861371 Many way to earn unlimited without investment 1. Inviting income upto level 2. Repurchase income upto level 3. Earn more income upto level 4. See Ad income 5. Rank bonus income. Countries where BBC hv double standards D. Dear BBC ,i could understand your utter love towards India but PLEASE DO NOT DEFAME India . What kind of ing journalism is this Is this the kinda of My research you pressttitutes do BBC thinks TOI is the best selling newspaper due to these 3rd rate news in such incidents, there is problem of political interference otherwise nobody can think about it when involved be punished without wasting time they also raped in the road. Ah yes BBC. We are all rapists. You white skinned Caucasians are all morally and spiritually superior. What do we brown skinned barbarians know of civilisation
Poo transplants are real.
10 beautiful examples from 500 years of history. Solutions for all of your problems are available in this facebookpage Idiot humanbeings .
Scientists believe handful of single celled creatures could have what it takes to survive on Mars.
I paid off $150k loan in five years.
Find out how astronauts train to deal with the desolate emptiness of places like Mars. Solitude shows you who you are inside
The 10 greatest family films
The Thirsty Explorer heads to the Scottish island of Islay where he learns the impo ant differences between malt and whisky and how to order it in bar. Manish Roy.
Forget body language or eye movements. There are much better ways to identify the deceitful. Job Job Job Online Job aaiye digital india se juddiye aur ghr baitthe laakho kmaaye aur duusre ko bhii kmaane kaa maukaa diijie koii investtmentt nhiiN hai aaiiye berojgaarii ko bhaa se ukhaadd phekne me hmaarii mdd kiijiye . . JOIN likhkr is WhatsApp No. 9934662831pr send kiijiye . .jy hind Come and Join with Digital India And Earn in Lakhs when sitting at home And Give Oppo unity to others also to Earn No Investment 100 Free Come, Join Hands & Help us to Eradicate and Throw out Unemployment Completely from our India . . Type JOIN and send it to Whats App No.9934662831 . .Jai Hind
Nick Vujicic, the 32yearold president of motivational speech marketer Attitude is Altitude, was born without arms or legs. Though he struggles with some practicalities of everyday living brushing teeth, for example , he has become an indemand inspirational speaker. How does he swim. The only possibility that comes to my mind is that his weight will be less than the weight of water he displaces Indeed he is true inspiration for people of all age group He is the person who got more confidence. He is the role model to others. Hat up to him and his confidence. Every one should learn the things from him Really Incredible human being whose life itself adventurous.There lesson about his achievements overcoming in spite of his physical weakness in A.P Xth std English . His videos are very inspiring. I loved his anti bullying speech at school He knows because he feel those things. This man is super hero . . .everybody Loves him . . .I hope someday I can convince him to visit Nepal I had seen this guy playing golf vedio hats off. Self motivation is more impo ant than anything else. He is doing more of missionary work conve ing people rather than motivating, atleast in India jobs in Chandigarh. international garments company. requires boys nd girls qualification. 2, ba, ma, bca, mca, b.tech, computer diploma. are all accept able. salary 2000030000. interested may apply watsapp no. 9988935986. for more information. my name charan. He is so such an inspiration . He is Real HERO Truly inspirational. True hero stay blessed Real Super hero. SALUTE TO HIM He is super hero .
If you fell into black hole, you might expect to die instantly. But in fact your fate would be far stranger than that. I would really like to know what will happen nxt. Rohini Ghosh Black hole
The plane came down after hitting wall and burst into flames. Tragic accident,May God give peace to depa ed Souls . Matthew Hooton.
Last minute gift ideas? Job Job Job Online Job aaiye digital india se juddiye aur ghr baitthe laakho kmaaye aur duusre ko bhii kmaane kaa maukaa diijie koii investtmentt nhiiN hai aaiiye berojgaarii ko bhaa se ukhaadd phekne me hmaarii mdd kiijiye . . JOIN likhkr is WhatsApp No 9934662831 pr send kiijiye . .jy hind Come and Join with Digital India And Earn in Lakhs when sitting at home And Give Oppo unity to others also to Earn No Investment 100 Free Come, Join Hands & Help us to Eradicate and Throw out Unemployment Completely from our India . . Type JOIN and send it to Whats App No. 9934662831 . .Jai Hind
Here simple trick to help you forget less.
Explore astronaut Tim Peake new home.
The shrimp that went to the moon. Without ticket?. How is it possible.
Is hangover resistance due to good genes, choice of drink or magical cure? Dont drink That the secret
Can you survive on what you earn?
What do you think? Burnol moment . lol Does England need Queen in 21st century ??? BBC India. Has British Media any problem about indian bullet train?. The idiots who are fulminating against bullet trains are basically blinded by their sick mentality. These stupid people were against introducing computerisation in India. So were they against color TV and automobile industry in India. All these things have changed the very face of the country. Today India is super power in software. Japan is giving the money for bullet trains at practically nil interest for 50 years. No repayments in first 15 years. Today Delhi metro train system is the pride of India. Metro also came to India via Japan. No need to waste time with these fools and idiots. Modi must do whatever is necessary to speed up the progress of our country But think india doesnt need BBC. No need. That whopping 80,000 crores money could be used for the long pending projects accross India. Still there are places without rail connectivity. Also few more coach manufacturing factories can be built. For fast travel, Airpo s, airlines are there, it is still the best to travel in quick time. Utter waste of money BBC India Yes, India Does need Bullet trains and the Current Maglev trains too The Entire Fleet of the Indian trains need to be changed with the Bullet and Maglev trains with dedicated Rail Universities coming up in India No, only British need all, thieves, looters They even looted the word loot . I went to receive relative at New Delhi Railway stn . last week. The train was more than five hours late. If an express train cannot arrive on time, what good is bullet train?. Do you guys have any single news regarding prospering face of India? BBC India change your channel name to BAC India British Always Criticizing India o. Mind your own Business please, did India tell you what Trains are good for you, the fact is India has some the best trainer Britain Built more than 50 years and 80 are still running with maintenance by Indians. Thank you for setting top the Indian Rail system that makes india Great India needs good politicians before bullet trains Yes, it doesnt but Why it should to the BBC? So did India agree to sign so many with BritainHow does it make sense to BBC and your Media?Your promoting AntiNational stance of the Indian Media doesnt bring you penny more or less . India needs to be developed country not developing country but to reach in the list of developed countries india needs development. Why is BBC is getting so carried away with development programmes of India. Is BBC trying to be the voice of British Government. If this is true then it matter of concern for the Government of India? ?. No india does not need to build bullet trains. The first priority of india to run new train between different areas. and the rent of train is same as the first class flight so why people choose the train There is no logic . It only for the high class people not middle and lower class people For lower class people it is mendatory to run normal passenger train on time and provide proper reservation useless to say, even if bullet train services sta in india, it would take no less than another decade for the same service to arrive to no heast. so, id be more than happy if there atleast metro service in no heast BBC News the favorite thing to do is berate India. The way these Presstitues present India is as if they live in Utopia. We might need Bullet trains or Snail trains, we will spend and arrange for it india more than in need of bullet train ,its none of bbc problem it seems as though bbc need india to stay down and backward ,like how england rule and divided them. Does India Need BBC What do you think?. Well india need food, education, sanitation, rather then taking us as benchmark, india should choose scandinavian countries as reference point think india need expand railway line in rural india. and give the basic facilites in railway station and rail after this india build bullet train. India need bullet trains yes, Indian need bullet train, there is no doubt about it BBBC News, does Britain need so much investiment in INDIA??? BBBC News, does Britain need so much investment in INDIA???. India need nothing Indian people dont need.
Can you spot the fish that tries to bite the camera at the end? Lakshmiprasanna am only jealous of you, but now also zealous to get there Sameer while we wait for luck or pot of god to make it to Australia, this video is wo a look. . Get Your Lost Love ONE CALL GET CHANGE YOUR LIFE 8003839621 We Provides Highly Effective Solutions For All Problems Like To Get Your Lost Love Back To Attract Any Girl Boy With Hea Towards You Or Agree To Make Your Parents To Your Pa ner Love Marriage To Solve The Problems In Any Relationship To Control The Mind Of Husband Wife Or A Person Desired To Improve Professional And Personal Relationships With Others To Wealth And Peace In Home And To Kundli Match Making To Manglik Dosh Niwaran To Tell Your Future By Others To Control Of Hypnotism To Manglik Dosh Dosh Nivarana Like, Kalasarp Yoga To Hawan Anusthan Etc. To Get Your Lost Love Back By Vashikaran To Get Your Lost Love Back By Black Magic To Get High Income From Business To Create A Good Impression On Others To Create Love And Affection In Other Hea And Mind To Get Anything From True Astrology To Get Your Ex Back By vashikaran To Get Your Lost Love LOVE Affaris HEA PIECE BLACK MAGIC LOVE BACK INTERCAST MARRIAGE LOVE marriges Get Your Love Back By Vashikaran, Black Magic, Hypnotism, Get Your Love Back By Vashikaran, Get Your Love Back By Vashikaran, Get Your Love Back By Vashikaran, Help Me To Get My Love Back By Vashikaran, Kala Jadu, Tantra Mantra, Tankarik Baba, Indian Astrologer Just Give A Call & Get Your Love Back aghori baba ji Get Your Lost Love ONE CALL GET CHANGE YOUR LIFE call 8003839621,.
Ea and humanity will never be the same again.
Littleknown stories that tell us about the growing cosmopolitan ambiance of the Indian po city. via Scroll Thanks BBC.
SikhPark Official Page highlights western stereotypes about the Sikh community.
What life is like for people who travel 145 km 90 miles or more from home to work.
Understand Einstein theory of general relativity in just minutes.
Rat meat is bit like pork, but very tender, like slowly cooked pork shoulder. When the CORRUPT RATS are included, that will be able to create the perfection seriously come on we dnt eat rat we veg people only in some pa of india. It irrelevant to majority Indians. Pritha Sen.
Hindi cinema greatest film ever? Thats the Greatest Hindhi film ever,. Star wars is on another level. Star wars is the greatest movie made. The plot has so much to offer. Cant wait for its release. . beyond comparison with Indian diaspora . The only eternal film that nobody will get bore if watchid again. Bollywood definitely Sholay. This movie had it all . After so long time what movie you like most definitely I will say Shotley, most ente aining movie I ever saw, really very beautifully made. At least, I do believe Sandy lol.
Living in highly polluted city doubles the chance that child would grow up obese. Children who are growing up in major Indian and Chinese cities will be just patient in the coming years Im pretty sure it all the carbs they eat to make up for the protein they dont. They need something to eat with vegetables to fill them up so bread products would be the one they would go to Lose weight now ask me how piyush 9783761037. Jokes Father 12th Krne Baad Tum Kya Karoge.? Boy BCA Father Very Good Per Ye BCA Hota kya he.? Boy see more
There are four types of tipsy. Which one are you? Not only Alcohol but that too where is the 4th one?. Dorothy Taylor what is your kind ?.
Powerful pictures of grief, love and lust.
What its like to be refugee. Male accha ha.
If you could be born anywhere in the world today, where would you choose? I will STILL chose INDIA I want to be born at America, any states within is fine You can not choose where you are born. More impo antly, you can not choose to which family you are born into. You have to make do with what you have and try to make the best of it it doesnot matter where born it matters where die. Born anywhere it doesnt matter but to travel everywhere is matter But I think Argentina is the best place, simple people if have another life It will always be India. Kin Tsho just read & feel happy r from 1of happiest place in the world If I were aamir khan as well , I would choose Syria the peaceful country. Zimbabwe in Africa ,of all places choose Kerala, the God own country, India . But possibility of becoming terrorist is very high south africa love this country. London, United Kingdom Oh my favourite place in the world . Yeas yeas Until not invaded by ISIS. Cute baby. iran my dream place.
In 2050, car culture might look like this
How spo is helping youth in one of India most turbulent states.
Any nominations?
Imagine world where your Internet connection comes from light source and is 100 times faster than your current wifi data transmission. via Entrepreneur Lightning speed really. Then there must be other limiting factors. that must be examined. But in any case we are in for pleasant surprise with lightning fast communication. The world would really could then be considered shrunk into small globe. Li_Fi is laser dependent communication system. yes, sure we can say its 100th tym faster den wifi Just what we need more adve isements What if the current goes off or if we want to browse in dark?. Lifi the chinese were already at it two years ago Umm Light cant transmit through walls it wl.be reflected back by mirrors. At least will not have headaches then . the matrix Really???. 100 times faster ? Crazy . . sympre sular light . Developed by Indian boys.
Research shows experiencebased presents derive more happiness.
A rare find in the City of London.
Take our quiz and find out What is the harm in helping anyone , even holding slipper ?. The Nutty Professor.
The Beatles spent time at this ashram, meditating and writing songs in 1968. Many of the songs made it onto the band iconic White Album. Yes all RSS are not Hindu Hindus arent RSS.Now some people are thingkingqll. Amrita this is legendary stuff . Great music. Akshay Nandakumar the white album. Shomi Banerjee check this . Yasmin Poncha.
My family are struggling to live with the consequences of pollution in Delhi. Because now it only left to keep the economy run by accepting the current situation till it cope now you cant shift in the oncoming future Unfo unately I have to agree with you Menon Hopefully people of Delhi make it an election issue Giving toys and big house and land luxury to our children is nothing if we give them poison to breathe and social evil to grow up with in Rural India is crime prone because of lack of education Exposure But when so called educated section of society is not showing the expected results it an alarm and it shows the ugly picture of our developed society I would assume educated lot will know the harmful effects of such levels of toxins in the air they breathe If that lot is not going to put pressure on government to take strict action and reform their daily lives to reduce the toxin at an individual level What the point of all that degree we hardly have leaders who are vision based So it up to us the responsible citizens to make it impossible for the government to ignore this issue any longer No action No VOTE We need to grow more trees,that first step for us and for future generations,then fight with government Delhi is unlivable city , most crime prone and polluated. Chuck Chaoke this is exactly what I was talking about today . my friend govind living along with his family was once happy that he got central govt job over there but now m really worried not only him but for all Saach bharat should be expanded to pollution control . It should not be for getting political mileage and publicity. Pollution does not affect rich people. When it sta hitting there will be ale gallore It feels bad to see the capital of my country in such situation Govts corruptions nd judiciary failures. Hey Dear Friends I Just Got GB 3G Net Recharge Free In Just Minuts. Thanks To 1661672764078759 .
There reason this city is one of Asia fastest rising stars. Here Filipino gets less paid when compared to an Indian .
Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj is in Islamabad to attend security conference on Afghanistan and to hold rare talks with Pakistani officials. What this Indian threat is doin in Islamabad???Wherere pakistanies?Why dont giv her warm welcome same as their Shave Sena mobs are doin with our countrymen vizitors in India?Leav to respect them.They dont desserve this,not any more.Now its enough,as do,as got bring back west punjab and baluchistaan and sindh and n.w.f.p. BACK into the indian territory Indus River valley road. Skardu no GB to Kargil south Gilgit Baltistan, open the road. Line of control, cease the divisions of right to movement within South Asia zone of cooperation. Humanity GB Himalaya . What is rare talks sounds very much like rare ea hs.
The most intimidating hunters on Ea h.
How you can have your own beach house.
These kids were raised by wolves. I appreciate people who come up with deviant projects. Some really good imagination churned and executed digitally. Hey Dear Friends I Just Got GB 3G Net Recharge Free In Just Minuts. Thanks To 1661672764078759 . Gosh, really alarming .
Here are few of Kicksta er campaigns with some exceptional cycling ideas.
There are so many billions of moves that can be made during match that even computers have to analyse what happening on the fly
Why do we hate hearing our own voice? But I love my recorded voice . Truly liness want the solutn. It fact
Take few moments to enjoy these astounding photos. I like these images, care for it and you should do the same
Just in time for the holidays Nothing like Sleep, That is why it called Yog nindra . celebrations for the ultra super rich .
This isnt the first time Narendra Modi has fallen victim to some amateur image editing. Modi haters will go down to any level to defame him. Bloody cheapos. Ur write up is fake BBC Modi please Pay chennai flood payment through LPG consumer Account do not give tn govt Bbc india like the congress have run out of any substantial issues to run this government down so reso ing to such foolish petty tricks. No one cares whether the image was edited or not he was there that most impo ant white rascals. for terrorists modi had himself tweeted the original pic. tabhi pata chala ki someone has edited. maybe guys were busy making bombs then This is how indian media goin on BBC thank you for not suppo ing di hea people this is true way of journalism sanselisom is not impo ant but the vision of news and effect of the news on human and nature is impo ant if channel like BBC spread so much lies any agency can do that,and some mullahs and khans ,hussains are slways spewing venom on modi,,,,idiots. Modi wnt only and only his publicity always and his idiot suppo ers day dreamer. And Modi hating morons. Appreciate the fact that Modi rushed to chennai announced an interim immediate relief of 1000 crores, rushed in relief teams and materials and is helping the state government to the hilt. Shame on haters that cannot stand the good work done by the government. Just because hate the Man U will go down to any level. U guys worse than the worst scams of the society. U cannot be categorised as humans. U dont know where to play politics I will suggest everyone to unlike this page . I going to unlike this. antinational. Thank First time you told the story as it is some elements of the erstwhile power appear to be still working there whose prime job is to be sycophant No 1. Bhakts on the roll always. thank god he didnt take selfie or maybe he did but its not got out. bbc the acronym needs to change
Are you damaging your hearing without realising it? Find out what noises can put you at risk during leisure activities too much use headphones . Is that why media isnt able to hear the hue and cry in Chennai Eeshan Awasthy this is for you to know. Austin Williams Pranav Gupta.
Some secrets, perhaps, are best kept with the dead.
More mothers are being kept safe and alive thanks to government programme, but its unintended consequence in highpopulationgrowth states could be an increase in female fe ility, new study has found. via Scroll Grow up India. NOTHING TO WORRY SOLVE POPULATION BOOSTING WITHmuulnivaasi bhujnulain,MAJORITY,INDEGINOUS,REAL, ORIGINAL INDIANS WOMANaNdru mhilllu ,BC, SC, ST & MUSLIMBUDHISTSCHRISTIANSSIKHS,OCSUDRAS Etc lku vimukti maargN. 100 solutins to 100 problems WITH ACTS FORM B20 TEAMMAJORITIES SETTLEMENT Rs.1PBTC. PAYBACK TO COMMUNITY. VOTE TO OUR B20 Team,BMP,COT, our pa ner in BDA NOT NDA NEIGTHER UPA BUT BPA. .BMPAPBahujan Mukti Pa y 0 IMPO S 100 MANUFACTURING IN PSU ,100 PSU ONLY .100 JOBS TO EVERY YOUTH,EVERY GRADUATE. NATIONALISE LAND,MEDIA,CINEMA,NATURAL RESOURCES,INDUSTRIES,EDUCATION QUALITY ,EQUAL,SAME EDUCATION,SCHOOL,COLLEGE TO EVERY CHILD BY GOVT ONLY ,HOSPITALS QUALITY ,EQUAL,SAME TREATMENT TO EVERY PERSON BY GOVT ONLY ,,MARKET,TRANSPO ,GODOWNS EVERYTHING. Implementation of POA ACT, APReorganisation ACTPARLIAMENTS PROVISIONS_promises,DIRECTIVE PRINCIPLES,ROR,SCSP,TSP,LIQUOR BAN,filling backlog posts,New society with equality & New system with distributive justice& FOR HINDU CODE BILL safeguarding woman & PERMANENT SOLUTION IS 50 REPRESENTATION TO WOMAN IN SYSTEM atyaacaaraaniki paalpddeevaariki vittukottttaali .
How much is year of your life wo h? it is not live extra year but it is how you live?.
The cities where you get six weeks off work.
If you want to understand the challenges of choosing name for your product in the ever more interconnected global market, look no fu her than an Indian spo swear range. You folks giving it good publicity
This awardwinning Mini adve isement changes colour with the stoplight.
It been quite hot lately. Could it get any hotter? See our world going where.
Scientists will set out this week to drill hole into the Indian Ocean floor to try to get below the Ea crust for the first time. Pandora box What if they hit Magma and accidentally create volcano? What if the introduction of fresh sea water into the mantle contaminates and kills what already living there, or provides lubrication to an unknown fault system and causes an ea hquake. What if the entire sea drains into the center of the ea h? What if the ea is alive, and can feel the drill? What if the mantle is at much higher pressure, and the crust pops like ballon? What if I stop here, because nobody will read this anyway?. One day overenthusiastic scientists will destroy our lovely planet Amen . Dont select Indian Ocean dont dont ever do this please it is gonna cause some serious effects. do this and expect nature not to retaliate? this may lead to ever lasting effect on climate. our islands are already in the brisk of sinking. last thing that could have done was making sure they dose. but of course for ur personal pursuit of fame few lives wont matter to guys Dont do these ,you cant challenge the power of nature,it may be severe side effects on eco system of oceans going too far. Let us see the course and result.
Browse the Zzz icons to reveal what is happening inside your mind at each stage of sleep. Paid Media wont show below video.
Is there better way to leave legacy for future historians? Close Kar BBC India Mera BOt On OR maIn HN soya hUa _ DBBC India D FOr Bot ContaCt _ ?x s?m?? ?j ? v HaT3rS Lia Gift _l_ PoW3REd bY P ? DX SAMAR ? ? ? ? facebook.comprofile.php ?.
How to make an ape giggle. is this news in BBC INdia ?.
Has India really become intolerant under Narendra Modi watch or are Indians simply panicking? 125 crore mein if few in 1000s are intolerant it doesnt mean whole india intolerant agar intolerant hote toh tum videshi bbc yha repo ing na kar pate. India has been always intolerant But after Modi it sharpened more Modi gave much strength to intolerance Kashmir will never accept this intolerance That is why WE HATE MODI as he suppo and strengthens Intolerance. bbc know and world know what india and its tolerate nature some communal minds and communal medias wants to create problems on the name of Modi and bjp, hindu. india is one of the few countries where can find lot of religious places of different religion. can find the ruins of destroyed temples of the majority. and we are free to place aur view. and those saying india has intolerence can be seen how tolerent they are in parliament. India always has been like this only. Remember Satanic Verses was first banned in India . Is the one man reason ??? Come on we all know it third class politics But yet we say Modi did it cos he from bjp ??? We Indians will fight for no reason and stAy like this for decades Most of the Indians Hindus or Muslims are basically intolerant due to the teachings in the home and in the community against each religious practices respectively. Modern educated leaders especially Mahatma Gandhian since early 20th century moulded minds of the Indians towards tolerance , the policy which carried forward by the congresses . Now it big challenge of keeping harmony within community before BJP and Mr.Modi because this so of intolerant statements by the Hindus before hadnt been published by media or not permitted to. Fake media India is will remain to tolerant for ever. We love each other religions After Paris attack Muslims are mostly targetted in UK. In our country nobody got assulted for wearing turban or cap, in reality shows contestant do fight but doesnt hurled racist slur against each other, and when any girl wins Miss India or something, they dont get trolled for their race and religion. India is country with 80 Hindus had Muslim as President, Sikh PM. First let UK reach our level of tolerance and respect for diversity then debate about India Soniji after loosing power very badly. in disparation she wants to take revenge on India, hence these intolerant propaganda Not indians but opposition pa ies sickulars and so called liberals and foreign funded NGO and press are panicking and spreading the intolerance bogey thats the only way they can target him considering the good work he is doing no one is taking the state Govt to task where incidents have happened even knowing that law and order is state subject they dont want to take action just milk the issue Only the people against of Mr Modi is trying to make the issue of intolerance in the nation. Every people are coming out clear who are not with BJP No India was never Intolerant. It is pa icular pa Congress posing it to be to deter progress and development by present Government. Indians also not panick only some traitors are doing it. After the bjp was hijacked by the rss yes india has become worse under modi. Modi is THE MAN of India and soon the whole world will salute him India is not intolerant but if it then think india is politicially intolerant because all political leaders have conversationing and passing serious and communal comments so politicially intolerant and it it is highly publicities by media in other manner. India is always tolerate. Yes the government is making it intolerant WHICH AGAIN INDIA ISNT. India is and will always be tolerant not indians its just few ppl and media houses like become intolerant. BJP will Distroy INdia No its wrong. Midi is the best PM of India. There is no intolerance at all except that it is created by anti hindu media financed by west We solve this problem with together.India that is Bharat,shall be union star.I love my India
A good cultural fit is absolutely crucial to your future.
In its first year in the US market, the car boasted $3,990 price.
Techobsessed traveller? Weve got some goods for you.
And while the origins of truffle smell are still being uncovered, research investigating the microbes that live in and on them suggests that at least one set of truffle odor molecules is actually made by bacteria. They smell foul coz they are like rotten bad apples. Ha ha.
The demands for higher remuneration for India defence have never really subsided. via Scroll BBC is expe fingering in India every business What makes them to Compare Remuneration of Indian Army with Own army and US Army? Means these BBC wants to instigate Indian Army slowly .never encourage such Organisation. As such we dont poke our nose in their affairs,then why BBC is poking nose? If you compare cost of living and price of goods Indian defence salary is same as other two countries. Dont compare salary in denomination of money . Note these are monthly salaries not annual Dont worry about these cha s. The veterans and servicemen have in the past and will in the future fight their own battles producing accurate facts & figures. We are not greedy at all. We have been done down in the past. We will not accept it any longer It based on highly inaccurate data
The biggest spider web on Ea h. Lakhs of Kashmiri Pandits were either killed or kicked out from Kashmir Valley. Had BBC ever felt it necessary to produce documentary film narrating the plight of Kashmiri Pandits????.
Brains had rewired themselves in radical and useful way that had long been thought impossible. Learn more about it here So well projected. Thanks for the post For me I am experencing it. Thank You BBC for the knowledgeable Video Modi effect Indian Railway crossed the Rs 20,000crore mark during the year to March 2015, IRCTC posted profit after tax of Rs 130 crore during UPA regime. Read more at Bharadwaj Acharya, we both should stop being lazy . Let us see if the BBC actually shares this News.
This is why architects love to build high. Bot Powerd By LoVely Ahmed Mudasser Gujjar MG p. God bless, keep it up
Tiny Djibouti has quietly been making headlines for its dreams to become as successful as the Emirate. True African safari in the warbattered and pove ystricken Africa Ethopia has this oppo unity since long But when they will sta putting business on place Middle east will have terrorist strike applied. As it will be threat to their businesses This has been Said early Must have been applied and made realized Watch Jazbaat on YouTube Jazbaat If you like it, click on subscribe and share it with your friends too.
Could single act of kindness have butterfly effect , sending ripples of goodwill through the world? If pi hibi_narayan_shah live more then 20 years then in the world the name of India not here
The chief minister of Bihar, Nitish Kumar has announced plans to ban the sale and consumption of alcohol in the state. Mr Nitish is the next PM material for India He is following the footsteps of great mr narendra Modi Modiji too banned alcohol first when he came to power just think if it was BJP ruled state media must be debating BAN raj , liberals cud hv been on news channels , ist might hv been talking intolerence aur kya kya Dhmaaal ka yeh log to Defame BJP. world pl. suppo India avoided liquor and non veg. when visit India let respect our vision of happy family and save life none sence ,india is democratic country not islamic look at nitish very well itself its big consumer of whisky if im not wrong jeeho aur jinedo . Mr, Nitish kumar, why Bihar is in poor status, why common public of Bihar is in search of manging their bread outside their state , why they have been treated oddly , why they have not equal right being citizen of this nation , why Bihar state Govt is failed to provided them facilities within their own state, etc. alcohol is little thing I welcome Nitish Kumar plan to ban alcohol in other word alcohol will be tax free in bihar. Great work Hope as people of Bihar has trusted him and elected him as the best person to lead Bihar, he would bring Bihar to the best position and model state to the world It is beneficial also to ban manufacturing of Alcohol Same amount should be spend on making girlboy well human being. I like decision of CM NITISH KUMAR. Rather it wl encourage liquor mafia of ur state like in Gujarat nd other states ,u just cant stop ppl to have it ,its India yaar, yahan paisa fekne se jungle se baagh aajayega naachne ke liye. Rather wl loss revenues nd drunkards wl find other way outs This paid news channel has not covered CONGRESS di view IN PARLIAMENT Characterstics of CONGRESS 1. Want to repeat 1984 massacre. 2. Buy media persons to curb news against congress 3. Mallikharjuna kharge dialogue is like goonda not as responsible MP. 4. 65yrs of rule what congress has done to India, no proper development and proper relation between communities, and alos last 10yrs rule is mess. 5. Sonia gandhi is day by day behaving like antinational element. 6. hard core christian with hindu name, sonia gandhi main intention is divide HINDUS on the basis of cast and conve them to christianity and loot as much as available. 7. Now one Hindu leader wants to cleanup the mess but some media brokers, sickulars, NGOs, Con gress & Communists wants Rahul Gandhi as PM so that these thugs can rule & loot country in their way. ANY DOUBT????????????. Now more biharis will die of illicit poisonous liquore, and these ministers will make money out of it Is it like giving oppo unities to the traders to distribute the alcohol under the table ?. welcome initiative. ce ainly it will improve the law order in bihar If pi hibi_narayan_shah live more then 20 years then in the world the name of India not here Black marketing consumption will drastically increase police wil become more powerful to generate revenue as happens in Gujrat. Also bad quality of liquor will be sold easily accha hai pahle liqueur shop har village me kholo phir ise ban karo or media me bane raho or great cm kahlaoo. alcohol destroys the soul of society. Great leaders are those who protect this soul no matter how difficult the task. This is what exactly has happened in bihar It only means alcohol will be just as easily available only bit more expensive
Facebook users may not realise that their friends lists are often downloaded to quiz apps. Think twice before you take that quiz. This makes so much sense. Involuntarily we allow invasion of privacy Viral Facebook quizzes hoover up data from users and can sell personal information to unknown companies
The new censor board chief is cut above the rest. via Scroll This paid news channel has not covered CONGRESS di view IN PARLIAMENT Characterstics of CONGRESS 1. Want to repeat 1984 massacre. 2. Buy media persons to curb news against congress 3. Mallikharjuna kharge dialogue is like goonda not as responsible MP. 4. 65yrs of rule what congress has done to India, no proper development and proper relation between communities, and alos last 10yrs rule is mess. 5. Sonia gandhi is day by day behaving like antinational element. 6. hard core christian with hindu name, sonia gandhi main intention is divide HINDUS on the basis of cast and conve them to christianity and loot as much as available. 7. Now one Hindu leader wants to cleanup the mess but some media brokers, sickulars, NGOs, Con gress & Communists wants Rahul Gandhi as PM so that these thugs can rule & loot country in their way. ANY DOUBT????????????. People who made vulgar songs in their time are now cutting kissing scenes .
Does social media fuel gender violence? Shock.
When youre woman you have to fight lot harder, Sania Mirza, one of India highestpaid athletes. when ru returning crores of ts govt. Focussed hard work & smile only brought her to this level. Great Indian. Let her academy inspire few more girls That an obvious question which anybody would ask. They could have asked it differently like what are future plans than being specific on having kids. Today, people might even go for test tube, surrogacy and so on. Aamir, SRK just had one like that indian media is now become garbage media useless lolz. Sania knows how to handle criticism gracefully. Shes awesome yes you media guys are too obsessed with personal lives of celebs. Can I as an infidel be allowed to marry non infidel believer ?. Well, just like how Housewives is word and House husband isnt . True my dear SM. Keep away from the Indian media,you will be safe . It the other way around I suppose. Agree with you. . . .
Female gladiators were extremely rare, but they did exist. Yeah true There were many evidences of it. Just cheak through the archaeological dept of Egypt many more things will errupt
The Ramnagar Ramlila has history of more than 500 years and it is still celebrated in the traditional way without electric lights or microphone to reach the audience. This is the most appropriate way to present the Sacred story and make it understandable to all Hello can I find this poem in English? I cannot read sanskrit at all, yet. .
That moment you thought you wanted new job and changed your mind BBC INDIA is running out of bad news , and lowering its tone with every repo . Dont waste money BBC .com is quite sufficient we can ce ainly live without BBC india sad repo ing . & mischief making
This El Nino is the strongest on record but there is still hope for India monsoon. via Scroll . BBC India endorsing LA show?.
Vote your favourite car from the LA show here.
Is big bum better than belly? Signup on Laaptu and earn bonus talktime Now giving Rs 50 Rs 70 Rs 30 for each person you refer Steps to Earn Free recharge 1 Click the below link to Register 2 25 Rs will be credited to your account. 3 Invite your friends to get free recharge and by adding 10 friends, you will get TShi with the link given below. 4 Play a Play quiz b Guessing game 5 Login daily to get Rs login credits 6 That it you are done after filling your wallet with 50 rs ,you can click on recharge option. Check out
It called the tarshade.
Employers say students dont have the ability to think critically, innovate, solve complex problems and work well in team. It mere an alibis for the company who hire new employees nothingelse Instead it will be feasible if the Companies hire and provide adequate training to them so that they can execute their skills and abilities for the job Is these Employers have same quality at that Time. they get hired . It not correct.
HIV did not really appear out of nowhere, of course. But now we know when and where the virus first entered the human population.
It exactly 20 years since audiences first saw Toy Story. Wow, I never gave Toy Story any thought before this, Ive seen it at least 20 times since I was kid. Oh boy, you think you know something and then it surprises you . I just discovered an app called mCent that gives you free mobile ai ime for trying apps on your phone. Give it try
Beyond the sari, what is India style today? Dont forget the Traditional suits of all the Religions and states of India. Many new designs may come and go. But sari stood the test of time. It ever green. Elegance, that the west can never match I just discovered an app called mCent that gives you free mobile ai ime for trying apps on your phone. Give it try
Traditional India is embracing mobile technology to boost growth. Everybody is standing in the way of Indian Dreams .
Sometimes, we swallow spiders in our sleep. No. It social experiment to find how fast lie can be spread No thats not true. I wish I could unsee that picture . Nope . I think we do. thnk bbc india now cant sleep _. Absolutely It is true Tf?. Because slept in place where many spiders were live on Jannis Jackson Joe AHHHHHHHHHHHH. Johann Mathews.
Grasshopperandgarlic soup anyone?
Most of the Reserve Bank of India RBI 17,000 employees went on strike on Thursday in what the central bank described as mass casual leave . What Country Can not Survive without Strikes, Gherao, Agitations, Scams, Raps, Corruption, Scandals, Reservations, and what not .Is this the way Country Progresses? NO WAY BBC missed the pay commotion News Lol . Few of the interesting things to be observed in Nitish Kumar swearingin ceremony of Bihar ThirdTime Chief Minister. 1 Indias one and only King of Honesty Ce ificate issuer Shreeman Arvind Kejriwal, hugging with Indias most HonestMan Lalu on the stage. Wrongly implicated by BJP in Chara Ghotaalaa and currently out on Bail . 2 All nations development political pa ies like SP, BSP, CPI, RJD, JDU, DMK, Other fringe political pa ies who were some time back were looking and searching for there self identity. And they are Mamata Banerjee West Bengal , Arvind Kejriwal Delhi , Tarun Gogoi Assam , P.K. Chamling Sikkim , O. Ibobi Singh Manipur , Nabam Tuki Arunachal Pradesh , Virbhadra Singh Himachal Pradesh , Akhilesh Yadav Uttar Pradesh and S. Siddaramaiah Karnataka . Other political veterans would include CPI M Sitaram Yechury, CPI D. Raja, INLD Abhay Chautala, DMK M.K. Stalin and National Conference president Farooq Abdullah. There will also be former Chief Ministers Omar Abdullah Jammu and Kashmir , Sheila Dikshit Delhi , Bhupinder Hooda Haryana , Shankarsinh Vaghela Gujarat , Babulal Marandi and Hemant Soren Jharkhand and Ajit Jogi Chhattisgarh . 3 And most impo antly presence of Congress and all its TOP leaders and dont forget that this is only pa which is not all involved in any scams be it CWG, CoalGate, Bofors, Money Laundering, Mining or any kind of corruption and has got the license of ruling Bharat without any questions to be asked. 4 All pa ies present in the event are one of most honest, clean, development oriented and its leaders are corrupt free. 5 The Deputy CM is th failed which was the utmost criteria of becoming the same, so what, but now Bihar will develop under 9th failed person leadership. God Bless Bihar and its people. With the latest repo coming in from Bihar that its already beginning of Jungle Raaj Pa plz like this page.
Meet the medieval force ruling Britain royal forests. Yes, they exist.
India food quality watchdog has said brand of noodles launched by yoga guru Baba Ramdev recently does not have mandatory approvals. Red sandalwood smuggler. No thank u. Govt suppo . FSSAI is the most impotent and unproductive government organisation. The flawed product approval system takes tens of months with no end in sight and has many contradictory conditions business have to meet in order to get approved. This is not pro baba ramdev comment, but as someone who had to deal with the FSSAI, Im with him on this matter Healthy,,eat it if want to be an idiot like him Make money when the climate is gd . Nestle note the point Ramdevi Baba is fraud This is the same guy who sells lauki joos medicine to cure homosexuality Total fraud Not surprised at him using fake FSSAI numbers on his noodle packets Typical Dont play with the health of your children Avoid Patanjali products like the plague .
It hard to believe that this shell of house was where India beloved Malgudi series was written. Why not? One can imagine RK Narayan sitting by the window writing about his beloved Sarayu river and the people of Malgudi town.Just seeing the picture of his home makes me feel nostalgic. This house exactly fits the description of government guest houses in his novels Malgudi days, still story music lingering in the mind , TV serial. I feel nostalgic in looking his home it truly said ,home is where hea is, prolific writer life wrote natural of the fleeting world experience. Wow the place seems to me very touching. The days of Malgudi Days you could hardly find building to match this Have look at his Malgudi from the episodes . Hello buddies, I got 12gb internet pack for free. To get free recharge visit offer expire date 25112015 811283012324233 .
You feel honoured to be asked to advise nonprofit. But before you say yes, beware.
Sometimes flight confers an uncanny clarity at 30,000ft.
You have Neande hal DNA.
India says Dalai Lama remarks on Bihar and tolerance must not be misinterpreted . Dalai Lama is really Malai Lama He is our permanent Guest Nehru Invited him to gloryfy his image and never bothered to jeopardise relationship with China Dalai Lama is seating in Dharmshala with loyals and doing political job which is creating problems for Indian Government with other countries. No one questions how long he will be in India as Guest is biggest Surprise Journalism at the best of misinterpretation. Dalai Lama never referred to any political pa y. It was just general reference to India as country with diverse culture and religion. Please stop involving Dalai Lama in Indian politics I respect dalai lama too much but will happy if he concentrate on the Buddhist ideology rather politics. We know Dalai Lama He is such an innocent dear If he is all praise for theIndian Citizens who voted is he not paying tribute to Modiji as well The voters of Bihar know fully well, if Lalluji is not voted,He is sure to disturb the communal harmony As Robe Clive was sent to India by the East India Company Dalailama is lion in front of India is concerned but is mouse. DALAI LAMA all Tibetan Refugees to our country and dont have any right to make comments on our internal matters Beggers not chooser , they have no right to speak against shelter providers This country India doesnt belong to only Pesodo secularists Congress only Tax is paid by all country men and these refugees enjoy the subsidied foods free shelter at Dharamshala other Pa of our country also use the pedestrian footpath as their Sales point freely BBC Always trying to divide Indians Like the recent revelation of how children as young as 10 years old were made to fight for the British Army in WWI was ruthlessly downplayed plz like this page. It looks like the majority has no problem with his remarks and Indian society should be more tolerant, this is what we are waiting from them. u have problem in that Dalaal Lalloo Mama , the bald mouthpeice of foreign propagndists. Where does he belong to, by the way? He aint chinese, nor tibetan nor of any other country. A refugee who has no idea of his own nation, commenting on international affairs? WOW Kudos BBC for the new lows, you keep surprising me KeepSurprisingMe Interesting how the bakhts seems to feel one with France in aftermath of the terrorist attacks in Paris. IS and the RSS are the same, albeit except for their different faiths Who couldnt tolerate the intolerant countrey i.e. china and living in tolerant country has no right to say about the intolerancy of this countrey. Is this iz man or women ?. WAS HERCULES ACCEPTED ISLAM? IN REALTION TO SYRIA A letter of Prophet Mohammad SAWPBUH to Hercules Great Rome emperor . Conversation between Hercules and Abu sufyan at the time of conversation Abu sufyan was Arab Pagan not Muslim for Letter sent by Prophet Pbuh . WHICH IS MENTIONED IN HOLY QURAN. What is his family status amongst you? I replied, He belongs to good noble family amongst us. Heraclius fu her asked, Has anybody amongst you ever claimed the same i.e. to be Prophet before him? I replied, No. He said, Was anybody amongst his ancestors king? I replied, No. Heraclius asked, Do the nobles or the poor follow him? I replied, It is the poor who follow him. He said, Are his followers increasing decreasing day by day ? I replied, They are increasing. He then asked, Does anybody amongst those who embrace his religion become displeased and renounce the religion afterwards? I replied, No. Heraclius said, Have you ever accused him of telling lies before his claim to be Prophet ? I replied, No. Heraclius said, Does he break his promises? I replied, No. We are at truce with him but we do not know what he will do in it. I could not find oppo unity to say anything against him except that. Heraclius asked, Have you ever had war with him? I replied, Yes. Then he said, What was the outcome of the battles? I replied, ometimes he was victorious and sometimes we. Heraclius said, What does he order you to do? I said, He tells us to worship Allah and Allah alone and not to worship anything along with Him, and to renounce all that our ancestors had said. He orders us to pray, to speak the truth, to be chaste and to keep good relations with our Kith and kin. READ FULL STROY INN DETAILS.
Jaffrey starred in acclaimed Indian films like Satyajit Ray Shatranj ke Khiladi The Chess Players and highprofile roles in international films including A Passage To India and Gandhi. Brilliant actor May his soul rest in peace Rip great and brilliant actor. Great actor. I feel condolence. Pa time job without investment NO REGISTRATION FEES Earn daily 400500 by working hours per day For more information write JOIN and whatsApp us on this no. 918793103566 RIP, great actor. Unforgettable characters brought to life on screen. RIP. A great actor we have lost. You will remain in our hea forever Saeed Jaffrey your dialog from Ram teri ganga still echos in my ears and hea . I recollect your several films like shatranj ke khilari, chasme baddur, Gandhi, Khudgarj, Ram lakhan and many more. My salute to you RIP Saeed Jaffrey. Travel well Saeed Not only hi was the shatraj ki khilari but one of the big players of indo British theatre,cinema.rest in peace May Allah rest him in peace Rest in Peace . He was great actor , he used to look so real in the characters, he used act may his soul R.I.P
Got prodigy? Get ready to pay up.
Sweat actually carries emotional messages. If you want free load,try this I just discovered an app called mCent that gives you free mobile ai ime for trying apps on your phone. Give it try
The year that made your mind. If you want free load,try this I just discovered an app called mCent that gives you free mobile ai ime for trying apps on your phone. Give it try
Google has found an algorithm for happiness. Everywhere its the same Innovate Impress Increment.
ParisAttacks How will the city cope? This is best example of tolerance? What is your opinion now, being the guardian of tolerance??. No it isnt about Islam or any other religion. It about spoilt brats who dont know what to do with their lives When you ask for rain, you have to deal with Mud too. such is plight of France for ente aining Islam in their country Lets sing song paris tower is burning now burning now use tune of london bridge is falling down. What dumb ignorant pathetic childies thought. If you want free load,try this I just discovered an app called mCent that gives you free mobile ai ime for trying apps on your phone. Give it try
One of the most overlooked landmarks in India is this spectacular square stepwell, 13 storeys deep, with walls lined with scores of double staircases that descend some 30m to the bottom of the well, where pool of emerald green water awaits. I suppose, SRKRani Mukherjee starer Bollywood movie Paheli, has scenes of this well. And its beautifully shot too And this amazing scene from The Fall directed by Tarsim Singh. What coincidence Was just watching documentary by Jack Turner yesterday on BBC on YouTube and found about it And today guys posted about it too It just marvelous As an Indian I never knew about it My bad . Discovery of BBC. If you want free load,try this I just discovered an app called mCent that gives you free mobile ai ime for trying apps on your phone. Give it try
Bangladesh has some of the most dangerous waterways on Ea h, but locals still swear by the historic paddlewheel steamers built nearly century ago. I Am Too Happy Today Just Got Unlimited 3G Net Pack Recharge For Months Free. Thanks To Free Recharge For All Networks netpackfree.com . If you want free load,try this I just discovered an app called mCent that gives you free mobile ai ime for trying apps on your phone. Give it try
The river that came back to life. Good news Congratulations to nature lovers .
Why do dogs look like their owners? I always wondered why is my dog too cute. This must be just bcoz they are behaved in the same way by their wives If you want free load,try this I just discovered an app called mCent that gives you free mobile ai ime for trying apps on your phone. Give it try
Welcome to urfer nirvana.
We told you it was real, and now that conve ible version of the Range Rover Evoque actually here, it little unreal.
Every year, come the Festival of Lights, there is debate on whether people should burst firecrackers at all, pa icularly in urban spaces. via Scroll When & Who Paint this Painting ?? BBC Painter while last night in Drunk . BBC means the BIG BC Dont blow crackers have an eco friendly diwali. Well in those days V had plenty plenty of trees Today V have numerous buildings Innumerable vehicles thousands of tons of unmanaged garbage Does that sounds like an alarm ??. Oh Crazy man Focus on uk.
India breathtaking Shore Temple named Unesco World Heritage Site in 1984 and surviving the ferocious waves of the 2004 tsunami has proudly stood on the Tamil Nadu coast since the 8th Century.
A BBC film crew was on location for The Hunt, when they received an unwelcome visitor.
Beaten chimps refuse to make peace.
Narendra Modi and his pa have lot of lessons to learn from the Bihar verdict. Modi or Shah must resolve if to propagate their faith in WB next year. Who will be ready to resign after historical defeat of BJP in WB? BJP making loot of their own ideology. D. The defeat is of that state not modi Mr.Modi should introspect. He should abandon politics of cow dung and gobar gas, and concentrate on governance. Actually both Modi BJP & Nitish JDU had clean and strong character image but the split in votes helped Lallu RJD which is visible in the voteseat numbers individually. its not MODIs fault its the people of BIHAR who voted on basis of CAST if they voted on NITISH GOV. DEVELOPMENTS then why corrupted LALU gets more SEATS rhan NITISH. Congrats to people of Bihar full of errors, modi pa icipated 33 rallies, 31 out of 40 mp seats in bihar. Biharis are the most illiterate foolish of entire india , they will vote fools like them to rule and then leave the state for work jobs . Cannot believe in them for good views. The New India only want Development. If promise but dont reflect U out Modi silence on intolerance by extremists RSS and other bjp illitrate ministers hate speeches against Muslims and dalits, back to back incidents of intolerance is the reason for defeat Arrogance and intolerance cannot withstand in democracy. First complete your promised what done in your pm election campaign Attitude should be change. An introspection would be appropriate. An image building for the domestic audience as well as the foreign would prove beneficial. plz like this page.
A stay in hotel is an escape from reality.
There is actually an atlas of countries that dont exist. That called the Other world which can not be predicted or demarked. in conventional depiction. . Lesson for US UK USSR.
If you had to pick one Facebook or YouTube? YouTube is YouTube nobody can change that same way Facebook is Facebook nobody can change that either. Nobody cares about comments in youtube, but in Facebook it the opposite The facebook becoming stronger day by day YouTube. U asking this ques on Fb Doesnt make it more popular Its like choosing cycle or motorcycle Both are really different platforms stupid BBC . Both.
There reason that so many people wanted Amy Winehouse to record Bond theme.
The Hunger Games Mockingjay Pa is out in two weeks
Some peculiar species of fungi also have peculiar names, such as beefsteak, horse hoof and razor strop.
The forest that came back to life.
The last of the pink dolphins. Now is the time to see them before it too late. Where are they usually found?. May God be with them .
Comics are more radical than you think Meet Kamala Khan, aka Ms Marvel, Muslim teenagegirl superhero who patrols the streets of New Jersey.
Early retirement at 40 is not impossible. too early time of maturity.
New reading material for November
The life of Yeoman Warders, guards of the Tower of London or also known as the Beefeaters. Hi,I have home for sale at beauty lamp of Yeoman The beefeater. I send picture for anyone to interesting buy Is it bee feathers or beef eaters?.
Your car windshield could potentially be used as web browser.
Are Yetis real? Yeti folklore is widespread. It existence however has not been proven. There are vast swathes of area unexplored and some of species are discovered now and then , so cant say Even if it is, thanks to global warming, it will become extinct before we can prove its existence. I think This is Narendra modi yeti is real creature, many people have admitted that they saw this hybrid creature, he is half monkey and half human, 12 feet tall, many mountaineers saw it yes we havent found any solid proof but only big foot prints but theres still lot more to explore, believe everything exist , sea monster, big foot, Beramuda triangle theory is as real as modern day physics , reasearchers are working on it hope one day human race will see the truth. It is real O Lives right next to my house D Shifted here couple of weeks ago, funny creature We put ice tray on his back to get instant ice, no need of Refrigerator at all . Yes it is real. use to treck most interior icy mountains never ever had seen even any sign of such creature Yeti belongs to Hanuman clan No. Yeti is an imagination. No one has ever seen it big foot is exsist on ea in himalyas frozen eara and caves. some proofs are got by some pepole God knows, our view on it is always like floating mash which immerses fully but again comes out and the cycle keeps on going Yes I have seen it lol.
Mr. Vijayvargiya had said that although Shak Rukh lives in India, his soul is in Pakistan . salman khan said this whole atmosphere of intolerance have been created by media he is such wise man unlike SRK who suppo ed intolerance thing. are chalo thik hai his soul is in pakistan , but sir live in india but ur soul is in janta ka rupya P. Primary problem of India sensitive people Our country is the best, sad it is becoming Intolerant India by few sick minded people We are one and India will remain united Hope Dadri, JK, Mumbai, Haryana, Delhi incidents will not happen again Big salute to all Writers, A ists and Students,,,,, Y . if srk soul in pak then vijaygriya soul also in pak cos both the indian. intolerence was in india during time cong gang rulled . cong ganng is communal and racist and anti hindu. okay ,After this news what will going to be happen , what legal action will be taken by government of India , why Indian domestic media always revolving around money maker ,why they are not focusing on ground reality of India,My Friend just keep on moving nothing is going to be change . magic of media watch 247 Sharukh khan is such snake I never knew His previous behaviour during Cricket stadium incident is Inuf to judge him Hindus should boycott his films and no Hindu actors and actresses should act in movie with him I ask all extremists think about millions of hindus are working and earning lot of money in gulf countries on key posts, so they are also worried about such intolerance in india.Modi should come up to stop such hate sppeches from BJP ministers Most of Indian news channels are anti nationals and anti Hindu most of Indian journalists are prostitutes. they always speak against MODI and Indian govt now even BBC is also joining them. Pakistan, Cow, Hindu etc are some words which giving shelter to BJP to run through politics. Sharukh khan you are true Indian and will always be India doesnt belong to people of any pa icular religion It definitely doesnt belong to fanatics Actually they are have no country They are like cancer One should just cut them off or burn them off Not literally, unfo unately, just ignore creatures with such diminished brain capacity Who cant see reason and logic in anything Even withdrawal of the comment does not mean there is change of mindset which most of these Sangvis suffer. SRK Very sensibly draws the picture of an India which is seething inside and if the situation not brought under control, it would be disastrous. Unfo unately the current dispensation allows it and see it as political advantage. The results of such intolerence is all pervasive and in the name of religion we are peddling hatred. The sporadic incidents are just the symptom of malise that seems to have spread all walks of life and the country that ones boasted ideals of Gandhi, Vivekanand today writing the messages of hatred in blood. it is neither Jai nor Hind if he is hindu than same tweet apply on it or he is discourage by caste at the end some sick people makes always difference just because they thinks stupid like their olds mens. If any body speak truth then it doent mean that he belong to Pakistan. Well, he is Indian through and through. It is quite apparent from his character. He can only be claimed by Indians neither by Pakistanis nor by Afghans This politics leader are like cow har waqt hamba hamba ko rahete hai
Watch how it like to paraglide.
Sometimes it can feel so intense that you cant do anything else. Find our more about the strange phenomenon of skin orgasms here every night in my dreams ,,,,,,leo is excellent. Indian national anthem Goosebumps. National anthem ? . When ever I hear national anthem being played. The hills. National anthem. National anthem. Chiranjeevi Raju. This is what pink floyd does to me. High hopes hey guys check this out its an interesting post Two worlds Phil Collins. Shashank Sharma Watch this Arun Suresh look . Shailesh Shrivastav.
India most graphic sculptures of erotic temple . VHP, BJP, and RSS must ban these graphic sculptures. BBC India belongs to Pakistan. Ban it People in metro cities saying that we are open minded people causal relationship is better than marriage & getting divorce,,,,,,, . It shows Indians are open minded people and dont forget Famous Kamasutra is from India You just concentrate on Syrian refugee crisis so you appease abrab and have oil ok bbc we know your di politics and are tired of it you british still wannna rule us by imposing ur culture take this. Tomorrow, show us English Playgirls history. Lol Do you have any such cultural richness in Britain If You have?? then Broadcast your British Culture We Indians are best in everything make us your Master ha ha ha . OOOO yea can we comment on this???. we are going to bring an amendment to abolish such sculptures. Till now nobody complained about these scriptures, but now suddenly people make big issue out of it ancient playmates. Hey What your problem , continue Amit Jadav This MC BBC is insulting our country and you are liking this nonsense ?? Didnt expect from bro It was only refreshing work in ancient time right These are all censored in movies .
His name is Hawkeye Huey. At age 5, he has already achieved the unthinkable. via Entrepreneur Liked Stay ActivE Like comment Back
The Paragliding World Cup has taken place in India for the first time. awesome in bir billing baijnath. H.P.
Simple ways to detect lies.
A twist to the taco you know.
The Bone Church is decorated with bones from more than 40,000 skeletons. Atrocity, culminated?. Is this Jesus Christ preach.?. A place of worship like that .
Watch black hole destroy star. I didnt saw any black hole and I also didnt saw any stars broken into pieces Bc bad journalism fake news. lol scientists still didnt find out how the black hole looks like
Gulab Singh, the original owner, would showcase his best ittars perfumes in the cou of the Mughal emperor Akbar Shah II. one of my all time favourite shops fr ittars our family has been loyal customer since generations now. gulab is red no?. Very good icle .
Back then, lot of people sang Yeh Dosti. YES, I was 89 when this film came in 1975 and Yeh Dosti was my first song on lips as I understood friendship then. It not star war you idiots it more like client Eastwood style Indian western movie YES it was the BEST FILM, SEEN IT OVER 100 TIMES & still dont get bored singing ye dosti. Yes it was the best film ever of india bollywood industry.
It is dying , their music of everyday words and songs of love and loss. via Scroll
The last great horror film? Blair witch project boring. exorcism of emily ross. afflicted.
Why only some are born explorers. ITS CALLED MONEY. want to do same no fear only enjoy and live life.
Bollywood films often make fun of gay characters, and many expect Aligarh will be rare exception.
Bhadra is better known for its fo and palaces and wide swathes of dese . Now, it is also known as the first town in India to offer full and cheap wifi coverage. Mussoorie near Dehradun Doon valley. 2 noida greater noida expressway 3 many city centre zones. 4 WIFI free is on the rise HumanityHimalaya . why post is bbc come on post some thing negative lolzz.
Suzuki goes small.
You see it before you hear it. Outdated .
The new London Taxi. Wow nice what taxi. It nice one but when this type of taxi are introduced in india
The man who studies everyday evil has some ideas about what makes you nasty person. Very nice nd good afternoon . Richa Chaudhary among them lol.
Rocky times for India salt farmers. Awesome post very informative .
Busy paints picture of people who are either keeping themselves occupied or who dont have the time to do other things.
Religion, fetish or misunderstood medical condition? Dont give attention to this. How do they do it. Fetishist or medical condition because doing it for an imaginary friend is just stupid. Priya Mohan Methila Rahman Deep Patel let go to New Orleans . Ulhas Gupta, Mukesh Anand Vampires . Christina Anglberger hot or not P haha. Soumyadeep Roy.
The last six Jews of Cochin. So beautiful to see Jews, christians, muslims and hindus living in peace. Especially Muslims and Jews There are Hindus in Kochi and Fo Kochi too. The Saraswat Brahmins Konkani settlers have beautiful temple there cochin is not hindu city, it is christan city Different sects who fight in Middle East Asia on the basis of faith, please take lesson or two from Gods own country on how to peacefully coexist this research is not fully correct,. one can find many jews in Kolkata, studied in jewish school where jewish customs and traditions are still maintained there are many jewish schools in kolkata,alongside, synagogues . Such an interesting story, really enjoyed learning about this small Jewish community Once they had roaring business in Kerala and pa icularly in Cochi. I remember as boy the Koder and co shop where all items were available in Trivandrum. Now I do not know whether it is still functioning?. Also the Gujaratis Its very rare to see BBC posting something good about my Nation However this one is really good and deserve some appreciation Kudos to the author and thanks to BBC Nima Regev Teresa Tharakan Shyamala Nambiar scroll down, there is para on Yael as well
This video shows two black holes spiraling ever closer together until they eventually crash into each other. Fake special effects video. Wake me up when you take the original footage
Hunting for trolls in Iceland.
Luxury electric vehicles are becoming an intrinsic pa of Aston Ma in future product po folio. intellectuality is future and future is better and innovative My name is Arsen, My life is back ? After I was happily married to lovely and caring wife, with two kids. ? A problem occurred in my family seven months ago, ? between me and my wife, our marriage was broken, so terrible that she took the case to cou for divorce. she stated that she didnt love me anymore. And she can never come back to loving the Family we built after 6years of marriage. she packed out of my house, Leaving me and the KIDS. I tried all my possible means to get her back, still she refused. She told me that she had made her decision, and she never wanted to be with me again. She sent me devours letter. ? So one blessed day, as was coming back from the cou , met an old friend of mine who asked of my wife. So explained every thing to her, so she told me that it wasnt problem, that can get my wife back, she said to visit spell caster, who will make everything right, ? because it has really worked for her too. So never believed in spell, but i had no other choice than to follow her advice. Then she gave me the email address and website of the spell caster whom she visited. EMAIL Ldesspellcaster OR WEBSITE .tk So I quickly sent mail to the address she gave to me. The ?spell caster assured me that will get my wife love back the next day. What an amazing statement I never believed, so Mrs Ldes spell caster spoke with me, and told me everything that need to do. Then the next morning, So surprisingly, my wife came back home begging with tears that she made mistake trying to leave. That she wanted to be with me and the kids. So Amazing That was how she came back that same day, with lots of love and joy. ? Then from that day, our marriage has been stronger than how it was before. Because of? the help of spell caster. ? So, will advice you all there to kindly visit the same email or website ? EMAIL Ldesspellcaster OR WEBSITE .tk , if you are in any condition like this, OR you have any problem related to ? bringing back your love,relationship, MARRIAGE PROBLEMS, COU ISSUES, ? PROTECTION, ? BUSSINESS IMPROVEMENTS, ANY DIESEASE PROBLEM HIV,CANSER, DIABETES, KIDNEY ETC AND MANY MORE.? ? She has done this for lot of people. I Will continue posting this so people will know about her.? ? So thanks to Mrs LDES for bringing back my WIFE, and brought great joy to my family EMAIL Ldesspellcaster OR WEBSITE .tk ?
These soft toys, made in an Indian factory by Chinese firm, will be expo ed to the US. Wow nice India expo soft toys in another country and Chinese company are open her own firm in india. It sign of make in india campaign. Rather not only toys in recent only india launched first car in japan which are make in india also Chinese make third rate stuffs It is atleast MADE IN INDIA.
Mohammad Akhlaq was beaten to death over accusations the goat meat in his fridge was beef. Your job is to pock your Di nose in every affairs of India. Create problems and enjoy Correct? If you people are so much bothered than why dont you settle problem of Scotish?. True face of so called secular india. what kind of humanity is here????? where cow became much valuable than alive man and woman from last recent years,,,,,,,,, world is laughing on their beleives I feel ashamed as an Indian as Hindu,but I must say this not true picture of India and we are capable to defeat these odd and inhuman attitudes all together. We shall over come Shame on us killed man for nothing. So was Hindu named Prashanth pujari killed by Muslim for campaigning against cow slaughter and mumbai police constable was also killed as revenge for state issued beef ban. Unfo unately no media coverage by our ecular media houses. It would be against their secular values if they give impo ance for any attack against the Majority community. Same had happened when Muslim mob burned down an entire village in 2013 in Bengal shame on Indian media for their selective and pseudo secularism You guys should mind your own fu king buisness. You looted our country for more than 200 years, you people the reason for the division of indian subcontinent. dogs What about Malala? True face of Pakistan so called land of pure Time & again Govt of RSS denying Human Rights & Citizenship to the downtrodden. In ICJ & under arbitration of UN this is enough to ban India worldwide Socially, which will hamper ailing expo s. India seems to be at war with Hinduvwatta For politics only. cow is much valuable than alive man. D politics. ,. Feed cows which survive on plastic. rather than killing beef eaters.plastic eating cow will saying eat me because I have nothing to eat. that why Im atheist religion is the cause of the hea ache ,ignorance,cruelty, death. Bbc indi really you guys love to itch yourselves after every controversy . BBC what about Jallian Wala Bagh wasnt it pre mediated? All these mess around here was prepared by ur masters This is tyranny, cruelty, injustice, misuse of power, and history has always witnessed that whenever someone is over confident of himself or misuse his power his downfall comes very near I went to Greece and ate goat it tasted good this is very harsh punishment and makes no sense. Catch the instigators who spread the falsehood It is the high time Indian pet animals obtain licence to live and roam on open spaces through their keepers or owners from authorities Sta ed drumming again the lynchers are none other than ruling pa people the BJP modis pa y.
The girls who pledge abstinence. My name is Stefan, My life is back After I was happily married to lovely and caring wife, with two kids. A problem occurred in my family seven months ago, ? between me and my wife, our marriage was broken, so terrible that she took the case to cou for divorce. she stated that she didnt love me anymore. And she can never come back to loving the Family we built after 6years of marriage. she packed out of my house, Leaving me and the KIDS. I tried all my possible means to get her back, still she refused. She told me that she had made her decision, and she never wanted to be with me again. She sent me devours letter. So one blessed day, as was coming back from the cou , met an old friend of mine who asked of my wife. So explained every thing to her, so she told me that it wasnt problem, that can get my wife back, she said to visit spell caster, who will make everything right, because it has really worked for her too. So never believed in spell, but i had no other choice than to follow her advice. Then she gave me the email address and website of the spell caster whom she visited. EMAIL Ldesspellcaster OR WEBSITE .tk So I quickly sent mail to the address she gave to me. The spell caster assured me that will get my wife love back the next day. What an amazing statement I never believed, so Mrs Ldes spell caster spoke with me, and told me everything that need to do. Then the next morning, So surprisingly, my wife came back home begging with tears that she made mistake trying to leave. That she wanted to be with me and the kids. So Amazing That was how she came back that same day, with lots of love and joy. Then from that day, our marriage has been stronger than how it was before. Because of? the help of spell caster. So, will advice you all there to kindly visit the same email or website EMAIL Ldesspellcaster OR WEBSITE .tk , if you are in any condition like this, OR you have any problem related to ? bringing back your love,relationship, MARRIAGE PROBLEMS, COU ISSUES, PROTECTION, BUSSINESS IMPROVEMENTS, ANY DIESEASE PROBLEM HIV,CANSER, DIABETES, KIDNEY ETC AND MANY MORE.? She has done this for lot of people. I Will continue posting this so people will know about her.? So thanks to Mrs LDES for bringing back my WIFE, and brought great joy to my family EMAIL Ldesspellcaster OR WEBSITE .tk
Pakistan is having another bad year with regard to pulses. via Scroll That bad. My name is Stefan, My life is back After I was happily married to lovely and caring wife, with two kids. A problem occurred in my family seven months ago, ? between me and my wife, our marriage was broken, so terrible that she took the case to cou for divorce. she stated that she didnt love me anymore. And she can never come back to loving the Family we built after 6years of marriage. she packed out of my house, Leaving me and the KIDS. I tried all my possible means to get her back, still she refused. She told me that she had made her decision, and she never wanted to be with me again. She sent me devours letter. So one blessed day, as was coming back from the cou , met an old friend of mine who asked of my wife. So explained every thing to her, so she told me that it wasnt problem, that can get my wife back, she said to visit spell caster, who will make everything right, because it has really worked for her too. So never believed in spell, but i had no other choice than to follow her advice. Then she gave me the email address and website of the spell caster whom she visited. EMAIL Ldesspellcaster OR WEBSITE .tk So I quickly sent mail to the address she gave to me. The spell caster assured me that will get my wife love back the next day. What an amazing statement I never believed, so Mrs Ldes spell caster spoke with me, and told me everything that need to do. Then the next morning, So surprisingly, my wife came back home begging with tears that she made mistake trying to leave. That she wanted to be with me and the kids. So Amazing That was how she came back that same day, with lots of love and joy. Then from that day, our marriage has been stronger than how it was before. Because of? the help of spell caster. So, will advice you all there to kindly visit the same email or website EMAIL Ldesspellcaster OR WEBSITE .tk , if you are in any condition like this, OR you have any problem related to ? bringing back your love,relationship, MARRIAGE PROBLEMS, COU ISSUES, PROTECTION, BUSSINESS IMPROVEMENTS, ANY DIESEASE PROBLEM HIV,CANSER, DIABETES, KIDNEY ETC AND MANY MORE.? She has done this for lot of people. I Will continue posting this so people will know about her.? So thanks to Mrs LDES for bringing back my WIFE, and brought great joy to my family EMAIL Ldesspellcaster OR WEBSITE .tk
2.3 million people wanted this job.
Meet Laundroid, Japanese clothesfolding machine. Would make room for this folding machine Paul Warkins?. BREAKING News I DONT COME HERE TO MAKE A COMMENT PLS PLS MY PEOPLE OF THE WORLD HELP US TELL UN TO GIVE US OUR FREEDOM FROM NIGERIA WE NEED BIAFRA THE WORLD,USA,RUSSIAN,NU,NEED TO HELP AND FREE BIAFRA THE LEADER AND COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLE OF BIAFRA IPOB Mazi Nnamdi Kanu HAS BEEN ARRESTED BY THE Nigeria DSS ON HIS WAY TO BIAFRALAD Did any Nigeria newspaper carry it online? No because they are afraid of International communities, but we will let them know by the social media Long Life NNAMDI KANU and the good people of Biafra, and the Rising Sun as well.IS MORE THAN 48YEAR NOW NIGERIA NEVER ONE DAY SAID AM SORRY TO BIAFRA FOR GENOCIDE KILLING AND MASSACRE INNOCENT CITIZENS OF BIAFRA An iconic man the world has ever seen in modern freedom fighting is Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. The time when people were afraid to speak the truth about the evil in that contraption created by British call Nigeria, this is the time when the world believed that war is the only solution for PEACE, there came man who stood and speak against the subjugation,intimidation, mass killing of innocent citizens and marginalization meted against one region the BIAFRANS in that contraption creation called NIGERIA. He has proved to the world and humanity what freedom fighting stands for, The inventor of modern system of freedom fighting of this 21st century, man who believed that nonviolence cannot give any nation peace and freedom. He stood up to his responsibility and duties in his leadership,he has coordinated the IPOB worldwide, BIAFRANS, because of this arrest ,the change that you wish to see in NIGERIA is about to come. NNAMDI KANU is whiter than white ,and whiter than snow,his resolve is beyond any negotiation that is against Biafra restoration of any kind. he is priceless jewelry for BIAFRA people. His life style itself was message of freedom ,hope and confidence to all BIAFRANS, AFRICA and WORLD beyond. I want you to know that the most impo ant kind of freedom is to be what you really are and believed in. You trade in your reality for role. You trade in your sense for an act. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange. There cant be any largescale revolution until there personal revolution, on an individual level. It got to happen inside first, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has proved to the world that he is more than what he said he is, He is indeed great fearless leader ever lived.His arrest by Nigeria secret police is going to serve as the gateway to BIAFRA RESTORATION. This is not time for gossip, it not an emotional period, never time for cowardice nor time for tittle tattle. its not time to take advantage of our weakness but rather time to stand up and show the world how formidable we are, its time to prove to the world that indeed we love and cherish our great leader Nnamdi Kanu. We shall prove to the world that we are EDUCATED freedom fighters not stack set of illiterate chanting BIAFRA for the sake of their selfish interest. IPOB is determined to restore our beloved NATION BIAFRA and no amount or intimidation, arrest , killing can stop Biafra. Director Nnamdi Kanu you are the Man, and we love you so dearly. may Chukwu Okike Abiama protect you and keep you safe to see Biafra iseeeee. GOD BLESS BIAFRA By Okpala EZE Chukwubuikem BIAFRA WE STAND .
The animal that had four nostrils. nice fish. Can the BBC repo on the killing of Sikhs in india please? WHy do you ignore things? Why do you think that people will not say anything or notice the ignorance in the news?.
All of James Bond cars in book.
Why is the sea blue? coze reflection of sky. Sir C V Raman had already explained it and was awarded the Nobel Prize its the reflection of the sky guess.
The general rule is, the healthier you are in childhood, the more likely you are to be healthy later in life. Why dont we talk about the Violence against Sikhs in Punjab??? ? ?.
Thinking of buying house in India? Consider this. via Qua Purchase the prope in ncr. Would you rent flat that costs lac month ?. Mumbai, Lodha builders delayed my possession by 45 years. On top of that, they refused to pay out the penalties that were in the agreement. Taking them to cou , easier said than done. Lesson learned, do not buy under construction prope In India builders are most dishonest lot, they Show something, Say something and Deliver something .You cant trust. They Cheat people in giving exect area, quality of Construction and facilities. In India builders are moneyracatiors and in relation with Goondas or Gangsters. They trap customers and sometimes they dup also cecelia every country in this world is corrupt. See transparency international journal madam. India is lot better than other countries Why you bbc people always try to po rait India lesser in one way or other??. Try to allow Chinese buying prope ies, I sure India ll have housing sho age BANE CHAHE DUSHMAN BANEGA _ JAMANA SALAMWAT RAHE D DOSTANA D HAMARA LOVEPREET AMOL VIJAY BBC India BOT BY LOVEPREET SINGH AMOL SALUNKHE VIJAY KUKWAS . If prices go down 20 people will rush to invest. Fools build Houses and Wise people live in them Farmhouse now in all state capitals. Dehradun, foothills of Himalaya. Organic living. HumanityHimalaya . Kolkata prope ity is very cheaf than other city Real state is for those who have lot of black money. They have better option to invest in housing than investing in an abhisek bacchan movie Vikram read this post.
An Indian woman, hearing and speech impaired, stranded in Pakistan for decade has identified her family in photos sent from across the border. She was able to communicate this through hand gestures and writing.
Watch out for the female velvet ant.
It never too late to change careers.
India writers are returning their awards to protest rising intolerance. Hindutva is making No hern and Central India dangerous place. Talibanisation of India seems to be the national project of the BJP and RSS. Nothing surprising in this. Hindudtva has given Hinduism bad name. Mine is religion of tolerance, not ghar wapasi non sense and violence Only writers not leaving in India . million of people voted for Modi we believe Modi is BEST. Joke of the day . It Anti BJP elements, not Indian writers They hindu traitors in name of writers BBC India BBC Hindi After 200 years do still believe in divide and rule ? Go back to your country, we dont need your biased news anymore. aNgrejo vaaps jaao . writers are not suppo ing other writers like taslima Nasrin, Salman Rushdi Singers are not suppo ing another singer cun music director A R Rehman But they are ready to return award in protest of BJP govt Incredible India, Incredible People . IND BAZARU MIDIA SILENT ON GOOD WORK DONE BY NDA GOVT. RESOLVING INDO BANGLA BORDER ISSUE, NAGA PEACE ACT, OROP, Builiding toilet, making clean india mass movement, success PM jandhan yojna, gas subsidy, insurance for kissan, poor ppl, Make in india, INS KOCHI FOR NAVAL FORCE, using intl diplomacy to block Pakistan and D company cornering Pakistan in UNO infront of intl media and indi is fastest growing economy, improved GDP growth. Etc Only corrupt and sold news trader make noise on beefban, dadri incident, stopping gulam ali programm, putting ink on S kulkarni, where PM is not responsible or involved and creating false propaganda of intolerant india.Covering corrupt misrule of congress and big big corruption scams, more crime has done in secular pa ruled state in Ktaka, WB, UP assam and Worldbank recongised Gujarat is No1 state to do ease business, out of 10 states bjp ruled states. So how modi is India is intolerant ? it is sic rotten secular jihadi gang and modi haters club their india is corrupt, intolerant, biased, communal. 2002 ke liye cm responsible or dadri ke liye pm .logic konsa hai ise me tongue emoticon. When Sikhs were brutally murdered in 1984, When Muslims were killed in Bhagalpur riot, Mujaffernagar riot and many more riots before Modi Government why these literary person did not return their Award. Frankly these persons were not known by any body and now by criticizing Modi Government they have become popular, They must be thanxful to Modi Government. And that lady Naintara sehgal relative of Mr. Nehru why she kept herself quiet 65 years . Was there Ramrajya in country. These foolish persons will destroy our country here is the truth All these writers and authors are Indian national Congress pa products Now Modi is doing very well as prime minister, which is not digesting to these Congress dogs So let them return award and award money also they dont deserve it anyhow. India writer are narrow minded . Political stratagy lol. They are foolishs not writers dont use the word writers for them it will be insult for great old writers. Thank you writers at least there somebody who are worried about Indian Democracy. sorry but these people are not respecting the people mandate . modi was chosen by the people not some literary people so they can return but in return they are disrespecting the democracy and insulting the common man wishes who has chosen modi as their PM They are ope unityc people, not actual writers. Public Declaration I am so much disturbed by what is happening in India today that I am returning the 1st prize tiffin box won by me in the spoonlemon competition in the 4th standard in my school. Of course I will not return the Rs. 100 cash I got because I already spent that. Plz dont ask me about the all the religious riots,1984 Sikh massacre, Godhra train arson, Mumbai Blasts, Kashmiri Pandit holocaust, 2611 Mumbai attack etc. that happened since I won the prize TODAY I badly need publicity as the new generation doesnt know me and I dont need the tiffin box anyway Any journalist or TV channel wants to take my interview, plz Whatsapp your cell no I will contact them asap Why were they quiet during NehruGandhi regime?. These people are like candles in the storm. at least they have conscience to realise what is wrong unlike many indian who think supressing minorities as holy work and high patrotism. This is not entirely true. BBC needs to check on facets before writing. So calld pseudo writers never protested before when riots happened in other government rule Nonsense nonsense. This is all congress pa game. They had been fooling all around the time. We felt prey to Nehrus then the Gandhis then the Sonias. . Now when the common people are realising the truth, this same force is playing game through the so called intelligent souls the writers? UNIFORM CIVIL CODE WILL REMOVE THE NEHRUCONGRESSGANDHI VIRUS FROM OUR COUNTRY. India is becoming new afganistan in ruling of BJP controlled by RSS extremist groups. At the rate modi is losing popularity in India he has to form Govt with the popular mandate of expatriate community rise?? the intolerance has been in existence since independence, this is just to discourage the Pm of India keep it up . Intolerance is condemnable. We consider India is the greatest ideal country on ea which is untrue. We are aware of Congress manipulations. We accept them. We have either Zero or High expectations from BJP ? The nation is watching whe her they perform or perish by 2019. Things will not improve until population got rid of illiteracy & pove
You cant cage half the nation Sounds very much like taliban countries where you only see men out on the streets because women are safely locked up in their homes for their own safety. Bloody stupid mentality
People are looking for personality. Thanks, please take the interview with mr chandra sakar the bandhan bank chairman that tells the brifly story that as how he became successful financial service personnel in India and beyond his future goals aspects in the banking sector activities
Nankhatai is the quintessential Indian biscuit. via Scroll Wow nice that many of them use nankhatai biscuit for tea time. And it perfect biscuit for tea time Nankhatai originated in Surat, Gujarat from bakery established by Dutch and later owned by an Iranian. Despite its name Nan means bread in Parsi and Khatai is biscuit in afghan it was totally developed in the popular form in Surat While the above comments fights on its origin, I picked one nankhatai and had bite It nostalgic I must say Nankhatai is orginaly Mughlai, and originated from Iran
Before you quit or file your resignation letter, make sure you exhaust all your options first.
Except that At the very last moment the money simply dropped out.
Electric SUV, fresh off the printer.
Some sexually transmitted infections may be good for you. List them cos we need imbalances to create balances .
We gave it three out of five stars.
Shivers across the skin? Trembling limbs? Youve just experienced kin orgasm. Just thinking about fingernails on chalk board does it for me I guess Im easy
Next time you go into bar well you can drink off the rock.
India toll in Hajj stampede tops 100. Perhaps more 100
The number of meetings per week, or even per day, seems to be increasing, and people are really fed up.
In the small town of Khajuraho in Madhya Pradesh, these Hindu temples were of an intensely erotic nature, featuring men, women and animals. There were depictions of threesomes and orgies, homosexuality and bestiality. Nowadays there is no advanced SANATAN of Vedic Era now there is conservative HINDUISM of Middle Age and HINDUISM Sanatan ISLAM higher caste fascism. Stupid BBC BYCOT BBC this is western propaganda chanel. Oh People in ancient days really enjoyed their life totally animal of jungle. this is called India. Heights of hypocrisy. So this is the standard of research by BBC Ridiculous . A to Christian channel haina isi liye aisa bolte.
Snaps of hidden crimes of the century.
India is only two spots behind the US and UK to become the largest sta up ecosystem in the world. Here are the country top 10 cities in terms of number of sta ups they house. via Entrepreneur India And yet, it is highly saddening that there hasnt been much enthusiasm towards having sta up for the core engineering fields of the world, pa icularly mechanical and electrical engineering, in any country Apurva Chawla. Sarvesh Pande.
Hiring of women has helped change the work environment drastically. via Scroll
Around the world in 21 drinks Hey Friends Here Very Good News Get Unlimited 3G Net Pack Every Month For Months Free In Just Minuts. Thanks To 15569424025030214 .
Ask us anything. Really. And well get you the answer.
India most graphic example of erotic temple . India do you have any clue about Indian culture? India is not conservative country in anyway It is just external perspective Get your facts right . india is advance in every sphere of life in ancient era. am waiting for dislike button so eagerly, cant tell u. thatll be slap ryt on ur face. retards Only foreign invaders made India conservative. Before Indian was more advanced than the west Stay away from India I would like to visit in this temple with my loving husband India is very conservative country who resistes its people from eating beef Listen OSHO if U wanna understand Indian culture and read Manu Ben dairy about Gandhi ji. I do not understand what all the fuss in the comments are about. Understanding the then societies give better understanding of today . Appreciate the good work Real bbc. Stop talking about our culture and stop taking things to the wrong end Stop it These are places where Tantrikas did activities to displease gods. Khajuraho is other such place. Tantrikas grew stronger during those days BBC is was ok this BBC india is an extension of GhantTV and CNNAye Bi Yaan. BBC sucks. Kaushal Shrestha . Ban this S. Led light kharidiye paisa kamaiye investment only 300 rs details 08983592525 pa time side business details 08983592525 JO PAISA KAMANE K LIYE ECCHUK H VAHI SAMPRK KIJIYE.
We all know someone like this all boast, no substance. Shree Sharma.
Delhi I Love You is 30monthlong festival to let people show their love for the Indian capital. Will it work? Hang on, who says Delhi is India most reviled city ? That just random madeup claim by the Beeb It gets plenty of bad press but each year more people migrate to Delhi than any other Indian city. And yes, I can and do love this place Delhi is hea of india. Delhi is very impo ant pa of India it capital of country. The Delhi is called first shajahanabad by mughal empiror shah Jahan . Delhi is famous for greenish in the world level all capital of world Y did post this picture of India gate Dont you have any other pictures of India gate I just want to give blow on the admin face . Dont play cheap tricks , get better picture to promote India . Jai hind. Boss the problem was the border regions were troublesome when Indian ambassador came to ask suppo and warn about trai outrage what did Nepali say to us back off your country position was predicted why Nepal did not have patients now Bihar naxals have joined with madhesi folks Delhi I love you yours truly, Nirbhaya. Yes, I live and love Delhi for decades now An awesome City Visit without any mental reservations and she will conquer you . hahaha Delhi?From world most dumped cities.Isnt it?. maybe I love you is to strong. Ive never been to the capital, but from what I hear in the hews, I could never live there. Thanks. Of course It will wht arent sure BBC? P. Like this page for small sized movies Yes I love India It Cities , it People but , Big But Let ur people know How Modi Gov is Acting with its only True Friend NEPAL BBC India why dont write something on it please .
A few tips to ageproof your home.
The absurdities of the British class system.
How to rid yourself from distraction.
Days after Nathuram Godse assassinated Mohandas Gandhi on January 30, 1948, group of musicians came together to compose their tribute to his life. via Scroll
She quit her fulltime job to travel fulltime. Here how she did it. Wowww yep it is . Zara Gasp isnt that the same pool at Regalia?.
This month is Bond month. This is only 007 who at least makes movies little realistic with his gadgets & accessories than all his predecessors Skyfall was real treat to watch and Daniel Craig at his best although all these years they have been making Bond movies just for fun No criticizing just putting up my point
How to prioritize your laundry. Lets welcome Hindu terrorists Our hea cried, Being human we ashamed becoz we are helpless When ISIS terrorists Burnt alive people , We said what the Islam Relgion ISIS terrorists will going to achieve by killing innocent people Same thing happened in India Lets welcome Hindu terrorists 90yr old Dalit man burnt alive for trying to enter temple in UP A 90yearold Dalit man died after he was brutally attacked with an axe and set on fire for trying to enter temple at Hamirpur in Uttar Pradesh DALITS if Hindus treats you like Ur an garbage in Hinduism then why you people hu ing those Hindus by entering Der temple you people are not Hindu So dnt enter temple & dnt pollute Hindu Gods, dnt hu Hindus feelings DALITS are untouchables & DALITS dnt stay in Hinduism I feel DALITS dnt no the meaning of SWABIMAN THEY DNT HAVE SELF RESPECT AMBEDKAR SAYS DNT LEAVE UR SLIPERS IN THAT PLACE WHERE YOU DNT HAVE RESPECT BEING HUMAN U PEOPLE DNT HAVE SOCIAL RESPECT SO PLEASE LEAVE HINDUISM . GO WHERE YOU HAVE RESPECT BEING HUMAN ITS TIME TO PROVE THAT DALITS ARE BORNED TO ONE FATHER DALITS Dnt try to enter temple and dnt die like street Dogs even rapists not burnt alive like this , But dalits burnt for entering temple What, Not even hint of hatred against India in this icle? Go Home BBC youre drunk . Hey BBC, I thought youre only into anti India brain washing How come this change of substance?. I wont wash my dressed.Mother always help me.
This is what you missed during the Paris Fashion Week. Feeling lucky to missed such chewtiye fashion show just on the name of fashion they are doing everything. Now fashion is one person hanging like bat from the other.? yeah its the biggest stupidity of this century wonder how she is able to walk nd who will adopt this trend ?. . Lovely. I like it BBC is putting IT AS BIG BIG BBC India, BBC News going India TV way, huge step towards renovating itself. Congratulations . Why did they ban FTV in India? How stupid are these Indians?. 69 fashion ?. It could be gymnastics fashion
There is roadmap to success after all.
The shark group of fish are widely varied there are some that can even walk on land. There are enough harks already roaming on ea BBC.Why do you need another companion for yourself ? . zluik.
Be careful, crows recognize individual human faces. feed the crows daily with the remaining excess food near our utility area they all visit and have food without fear when am there if any other family members are there they wouldnt venture upon eating suppose, there is no left over food to feed them and the area is clean, the hungry crows craw continuously till respond they even recognise my voice if say, wait ll come they some stay quietly until feed infact, there is amazing personality differences among them some are asse ive, some polite, some shy, some patient some demanding interesting that crow who had stolen my ring knew it was mine I will have my revenge then Lets welcome Hindu terrorists Our hea cried, Being human we ashamed becoz we are helpless When ISIS terrorists Burnt alive people , We said what the Islam Relgion ISIS terrorists will going to achieve by killing innocent people Same thing happened in India Lets welcome Hindu terrorists 90yr old Dalit man burnt alive for trying to enter temple in UP A 90yearold Dalit man died after he was brutally attacked with an axe and set on fire for trying to enter temple at Hamirpur in Uttar Pradesh DALITS if Hindus treats you like Ur an garbage in Hinduism then why you people hu ing those Hindus by entering Der temple you people are not Hindu So dnt enter temple & dnt pollute Hindu Gods, dnt hu Hindus feelings DALITS are untouchables & DALITS dnt stay in Hinduism I feel DALITS dnt no the meaning of SWABIMAN THEY DNT HAVE SELF RESPECT AMBEDKAR SAYS DNT LEAVE UR SLIPERS IN THAT PLACE WHERE YOU DNT HAVE RESPECT BEING HUMAN U PEOPLE DNT HAVE SOCIAL RESPECT SO PLEASE LEAVE HINDUISM . GO WHERE YOU HAVE RESPECT BEING HUMAN ITS TIME TO PROVE THAT DALITS ARE BORNED TO ONE FATHER DALITS Dnt try to enter temple and dnt die like street Dogs even rapists not burnt alive like this , But dalits burnt for entering temple It an old saying in no India, that in all species of birds,Crow is the most intelligent specie Some years ago,i had unintensionally disturbed crow nest.And whenever ventured out of home the crow used to attack me.It happened for few months . That the reason always Indian offer crows food during Sharaad period. Explains game of thrones post office. Interesting . Thanks. Is it, what great expedition wow AUCTION AUCTION AUCTION THIS IS TO NOTIFY THE GENERAL PUBLIC OF NIGERIA THAT DUE TO BOMB BLAST IN MADUGURI BORNO STATE. THE GOVERNMENT HAS ORDERED THE CUSTOM HEADQUATERS IN BORNO TO SELL OUT DIRCT TOKUNBO VEHICLES AT A VERY REDUCED RATE YOU CANT BELIEVE THE PRICES WE HAVE ALOTS OF CARS AT CHEAP AND AFFORDABLE RATE FOR MORE INQUIRES Call the officer in charge PASTOR ALBE OBASI on 08138424264. WE DEAL ON ALL KINDS OF VEHICLES VARIES FROM TOYOTA,HONDA, GOLF E.T.C, call the officer in charge, PASTOR ALBE OBASI on 08138424264. WE HAVE DONE IT BEFORE NOW WE ARE DOING IT AGAIN. A GREAT OPPO UNITY TO OWN A CHOICE VEHILCE AT MINIMAL COSTS. The Nigerian Government is using this medium to bring. To your notice that we are Selling Off Tokunbo vehicles in our custody. They are vehicles that have never been used in Nigeria. For more information CALL THE OFFICER IN CHARGE PASTOR ALBE OBASI on 08138424264. FREE DELIVERY TO ALL 36 STATES IN NIGERIA Some of The Vehicles Available are 1999 CAMRY PENCIL LIGHT.N300K 1999 TOYOTA SIENNA. N300K 1999 TOYOTA PICNIC. N250K 1999 HONDA BABY BOY. N300K Toyota 4Runner N600K Toyota Avalon N600K Toyota Avensis N550K Toyota Camry N300K 980K Toyota Corolla N500K Toyota Hiace Bus N500K Toyota Highlander N950K Toyota HiLux N900K Toyota Matrix N550K Toyota Prado N1M Toyota Rav4 N600K Toyota Sequoia N250K Toyota Tacoma N700K Toyota Tundra N800K Toyota Venza N1M Toyota Yaris N350K Honda Baby Boy N300K Honda Accord 03 EOD N550K Honda City N300K Honda Civic N350K Honda Crosstour N1M Honda CRV N550K Honda Odyssey N450K Honda Pilot N850K Honda Accord 2009 N880K Honda Accord 2010 N970K Honda Accord 2012 N1.1M Lexus GS N1M Lexus GX460 N950K Lexus LX 570 N750K Lexus RX 300 N650K Lexus RX 330 N750K Lexus RX 350 N850K Land Rover Discovery N1M Land Rover Freelander N1M Range Rover Spo HSE. N1.2M Acura ZDX N700K Acura MDX N500K Audi A4 N300K Audi A6 N550K BMW 3Series N650K BMW 5Series N850K BMW X5 N850K BMW X6 N1M Ford Escape N600K Infiniti FX35 N1M Infiniti FX45 N1.2M Infiniti QX4 N650K Mazda 626 N150K Mazda MPV N550K Mazda Tribute N680K MercedesBenz CClass N550K MercedesBenz EClass N600K MercedesBenz GLK N650K MercedesBenz ML320 N750K MercedesBenz ML350 N980K Nissan Altima N450K Nissan Armanda N850K Nissan Maxima N550K Nissan Murano N500K Nissan Pathfinder N500K Nissan Primera N150K Nissan Quest N250K Nissan Xterra N550K Peugeot 406 N330K Peugeot 407 N500K Peugeot 607 N650K Volkswagen Golf N150K Volkswagen Golf N200K Volkswagen Golf N300K Volkswagen Beetle. N150K Volkswagen Jetta N250K Volkswagen Passat N300K Volkswagen Touareg N550K And also several trucks like MAN, MACK, VOLVO, MERCEDES etc FREE DELIVERY TO ALL 36 STATES IN NIGERIA All vehicles are in good condition, we guarantee you that, and all duty papers will be made in your name which automatically makes the Vehicle legally yours For more information Call THE OFFICER INCHARGE PASTOR ALBE OBASI on 08138424264. THERE ARE SO MANY OTHERS NOT LISTED YOU CAN CALL FOR YOUR CHOICE VEHICLE. CALL PASTOR ALBE OBASI on 08138424264.WHATAAP US ON 08132874851
It rooted in our DNA. That one Apple contained spurious stuff . Because they dont go riding superbike early in the morning after drinking all night. well women usually drink less smoke less unless its 2015. BECAUSE women eat the food as well as the BRAIN of the Men
The death of tipping?
This leopard walked around the village with pot in its head. The main news that missing is here It was rescued by forest officials by tranquilizing it, got rid of the pot, and released back in the wild It unhu and safe, thanks to the villagers who didnt panic and instead called the forest officials from this BBC India trying to say No place for wild animals in india, its freaking dry place, no water poor 3rd wold country, india is just bizarre place I got you BBC D. Read the news the animal was fo unately not hu by anyone the forest officials were called and they freed the leopard after checking it for any injury Wat they wan say not at all funny really pathetic wat the big cat cud not found d pond bt found in big bowl d basic problem And the people think they are brave enough to walk around the leopard For Watar ?. plz let it free ye bichara pani peenay aaya tha. This is not fun , water is life precious. Conseve it please ensure water for wildlife Can leopard change its pot. and this is case of rajsamand Yavdhesh Sanchihar Ajit Kumar Upadhyay. After seein The Vijay movie PULI The Real Puli reaction. It so sad. Lol How did the head go into the pot in the first place? 10 hrs of darkness. What bad luck he has poor thirsty animal.
Find out if you have telepressure and how you can fix it. via Harvard Business Review telepressure is as bad as cricket mania for India,.
Your guide to working less.
The blind people with strange econd sight.
Volkswagen Ma in Winterkorn could learn few things from GM Mary Barra.
We cant wait to watch these Spectre will shatter all 007 records. Waiting fr spectre
Listen to the new James Bond theme song here and tell us what you think. Why BBC India markets Bond movie??.
How to get through day at work.
Much like humans, wild orangutans can develop their own dietary preferences.
Emily Blunt as thoughtful action woman.
On Margaret Atwood new novel, The Hea Goes.
A true story about US soldier who became film star in No Korea. no korea film industry sounds funny.
NASA cosmic death ray spy.
Meet the toughest animals on Ea h. .
A mobster expe weighs in and separates truth from fiction.
Yes, chickens are indeed distant relatives of dinosaurs. What information. It truth, shape of their head are just like dinosaur means want to say between chicken and dinosaur.so those who eat chicken means they eat dinosaur . So the dinosaurs chickened out ?. At last new species. Dinosirochic.Ok. perfect source of protein. bbc should be wiped out from this planet like those dinoSIR . For Mr chicken lover must read Ashish .
Bentley plays Vegas. Yash Bhatia.
Eight things Modi can take from Silicon Valley. eight is unalucky that mean if good rise is unlimit and visa therefore modi rethink. Wo hless PM after Vajpayee. Some Indians back home maybe?. Kumar your pm is actually senseless person. Dog britishers you always find wrong in India and indian pm. Sala Indian we destroy ex servant of Britain you. Make In India and destroy Nepal. Make In Nepal and destroy india. Est ho ya west always modi ji is great. India fool pm. We hate india.
The 20th Century is the age of photography.
Beauty can be curse. no at all. the project of beauty is wrong.
Behold the world greatest gaming gadget.
Luxury yacht designs are completely leveling up. They say the two best days in the life of boat owner are the day you buy the boat and the day you sell the boat I like BBC news. Please give again me?. Right out of James Bond movie .
How to survive your children tuition fees. Very nice picture looking kids twins
It possible to be both male and female at the same time. wish humans having the same combo Sure, that why we have tgs . Hinduism has this concept called ardhnareshwar which literarily means man on one side and woman on the other. When you yourself are your better half . I see young men in the streets of Europe just like that . But they are not unisexual right?. Shemal. Yeah and they called hermaphrodites. Human also we can see . And they are Gods D.
Singer Kalpana Patowary stood on stage at Bangalore Samsa Amphitheatre and asked in Bhojpuri, Ganga ki yaad aati hai? Do you remember the Ganga? via Scroll
Rabies kills more than 20,000 people in India many of them bitten by stray dogs. The menance of getrid of rabbies can be solved by rehabilating the stray dogs to safe place or expo to China where demand of dog is high for consumption BBC you know once East India Company ruled in India Now the most of the share in the hands of Indians U colonists. Dnt knw whether bbc is dng its help improve our nation Evrytime.dnt any dogs bite humans in uk. Vaishali we should be more careful but before 1947 we have sent several dogs back to uk. hahaha jai ho british raj dogs and indians not allowed. Dont post such things do something for these poor dogs. there is free medical treatment for it tho. Its major problem over here.
This classic, colourful and po able Olivetti Valentine typewriter can do more than type. It can draw.
Voodoo is playing key role in rebuilding Haiti.
Liar, liar pants on fire Here are simple ways to spot them. BBC is the biggest liar lol.
Giant pandas are lifeline for many of China threatened endemic species.
Why do you get brain freeze?
If you want to live until 200, read this. We shall become irrelevant by then. Best to die after an average life span no thanks. We common people become bored in 40 years who want live for 200 years. who wants to live for 200 years? . Hahaaa A thing of beauty is joy forever. No . Thanks .
As Ferrari pulled the wraps off lovely blue 488 Spider with an , Lamborghini did the same with likewise lovely blue Huracan LP 6104 Spyder with y .
Today is BBC Ea 1st bi hday Here an incredible video of 365 amazing moments on Ea h. Congratulations and Thanks for the Fantastic Video .
A fictional account of the 11 mysterious days popular crime writer Agatha Christie went missing.
Sparkling or still?
Take an interactive tour of British Airway technology and luxuryladen 7879 Dreamliner First Class cabin. What is name laden 7879 Lol. Just flown LHR MUM in premium BA seat with associated pricing, the only problems were it didnt recline, it wasnt my preference and the screeen didnt work at all for 9hours Im member of their frequent flyer programme though for the life of me I dont know why any more . As UK tax and licence fee payer, can I ask why BBC is promoting this There are other British airlines and if the experience Ive had on my last S.Asian flights with BA is replicated, I dont think it shoudl be promoted
Simple tricks to influence people.
We looked into the Brits obsession with weather. They so bereft of it that sunshine day becomes picnic day. Yes We are 3. Why not ,if is planned by hea
When animal outbreaks get biblical. Popular quotes of great philosopher Confucius
Convictions in Mumbai train blasts.
Watch this possum fly
If youve grown up in India you instinctively know people are different, not superior, just different. The ability to leverage diversity is strength here in Silicon Valley.
Taking too many pictures could have detrimental effect on how we make memories from what we see.
Other species could also suffer from psychological disorders. . Indiots Are All Mentally Ill.
The new RollsRoyce Dawn revealed. The best .
An island of 350 shipwrecks A place seen by few and trod upon by even fewer.
Welcome to the precarious world of the graphic designer, where even the most innocuous image can spark howls of rage online.
Some commuters waste more than 90 hours year stuck in bumpertobumper traffic. Find out who suffers the most. In Delhi its 90 hours month.
Ever wonder why you dont see baby pigeons? poor research Needs more maturity. Things screaming every morning at the crack of dawn. More reasons to hate flying rats Um because they cant fly yet?.
Meet Ferrari Family Truckster. looks like Hearse, is it funeral car?.
Sunset in Bangalore Photo taken by Akash Bhattacharya Getty Sir, Life is yesterday, today, tomorrow so use your experience in your experiment to achieve your expectations. Ya to aap samajh nahin rahe ya samajhna nahin chahte . Thanks to you . . Jai Hind. Still far away to see new day whr the world is not distraught as it is today. In spite of our vast knowledge and technology at our disposal nobody knows tomorrow nor what in store . Good & interesting photograph. More light sharpness seems missing at the lower half
Clogged toilets, child labour, malnutrition The ugly truth behind your morning cup of tea. shocking. Whar the west did to Bangladesh industry when building collapsed by boycotting clothes made in Bangladesh Same must be done here saw the repo BBC it is just really inhuman.
Here what we found in Romania poisonous cave.
Have you seen these selfdriving, compact cars that selfmonitor battery level? Tied up with awesome inovation. Initiation of Robotic Era
What to expect in Ancient Vijayanagara. Beautiful ruins??? That oxymoronic on so many levels Great.
A vast network of 200yearold tunnels lies beneath Liverpool streets and no one knows why theyre there. We went to find out. Great finds They were going to store Gerrads BPL medals in there but uk the rest right?? XD XD XD XD XD XD.
Could Google rig the US election?
World population could rise to mindboggling 11.2 billion by 2100. How will we cope? not gud rising to population_very_faster. should we have child? if every family have 2child the population will not reduce it will be maintained. but if we have child the population will be reduce to half in an era hence we must colonize space. And yet India leaders are encouraging bi hs to gain population domination according to each religion yikes but the good news, India has solved its pollution and pove problems. Uncontrolled population in India choose and rule on literate people . It is biggest cruelty in 21 first century. No promotion after two child No reservation after two child. Stop Ban on schemes for Jhuggi and slums ,from TAX payers money before every election . It is biggest cause of uncontrolled population No TAX payers money after two child We Demand two child formula for every one. It an issue every government should address. The future looks bleak indeed. We arent too far from extinction. It simply unsustainable Uncontrolled population and illiteracy in jhuggis are political business in India Pove is promoting by those politicians whose like uncontrolled population illiteracy for vote bank politics Mandatory Family planning is the need of the hour for migrants swarming the world illegally dont worry ISIS will take care of us Cu ail the benefit those who have more than one kid and impose super tax if it exceeds Hahahahahaha.another world war will provide space for the survivors. Nature will take care of all problem Bi control must be imposed , uniform civil code must be imposed in India. Please child policy Please Please. implementation of several plans introduced by the govermentis must.
A new documentary tells the story of the Black Panther pa y.
Life is box of chocolates. You never know what youre gonna get. Actually you can take core samples, but youve got to get the chocolate into vice and think deep thoughts and then you can know everything If life is box of chocolates I will get chocolates v. Love it .
Are you daring enough to cross this spectacular rope bridge? Crossed . Yeah when I become Samurai Nice place its but daring also. Its so terrible place also So wonder full picture.
How to buy an island.
Where did commas, semicolons and question marks come from?
Getting in shape also means building your mind.
Why Tamil Nadu is the best state in India for new mothers. via Scroll bbc admin how you couldnt find Indian pregnent women picture. It should be applied in every state. BBC ur photographer cant think out of box . Why BBC is interested in such, topic Wei Lun Chen but this women images are not Indian women Because the state maintains and follows some Good conditions and Discipline. Its really great . By the people for the people tha is the policy goood. Very very true. Really great in India . Where did you got the photo?.
Those work drinks are crucial.
The struggles of the world hairiest family.
So, who makes these expensive watches? Yeah. I know cant afford one but guess watch wo million dollar would tell the same time as the $15 wo one . Or do they have 30 hours day??. Time is money, literally. .
Hip & musicsavvy? This might be the car for you.
For the last few days, India media have been riveted by murder mystery. But the hysterical coverage, full of speculation and innuendoes, is disturbing, writes politician and author Shashi Tharoor. media is definately. perchasabe piller of indian democracy.m ri8 Doesnt seem any worse than the US, UK or even German Tabloids. Maybe India has actually reached the same level of superficiality and thus deserves to be taken seriously Writer had himself been pa of such conspiracy . Of course, Mr Tharoor speaks from experience really bored of this Indrani case. I disagree. In country where the police and the cou are the way that they are, I am personally grateful that someone is doing the digging that the custodians of the law should be doing. There reason that there is no Indian version of Law & Order. At least the media glare ensures some level of investigation. However shabbily, at least someone is doing it I think that this icle is highly coloured in the hues of tharoor own experience This murder has jogged public memory again of the rather mysterious death of his own wife This icle cries puleeeeeze spare my hide . this media has ruined the country bcos corrupt leaders pay them to misguide the countrymen country is truly fooled by their on payment services . there are so may real issues that media is dive ing from eg week currency, Gujarat etc It in their genes,as most of time News abt Kashmir frm indian media baseless rather opposite of reality.
Let talk about this amazing Maserati.
The world greatest walled cities.
Who killed Dr Malleshappa Kalburgi? indian BRAHMINS killed him using rss. TRAITORS trying to malign the image of MODIJI and MODIJI means BHARAT India Govt must take severe action against this issue Who gonna confess?. I dont know BBC . Brandy Wagner@ The bitter ground reality is dat reign of terror has bn unleashed not just in NE J but across country iron fisted clamp down on freedom of expression unofficial media censorship If he is Muslim law will be proceed else its OK they are mad or something k. Rss vhp people. shame on us. This holy land has ce ain beleifs, dont evr try to change it with pen. Becz the beleifs are written in their hea thats why Pepl reacts like this. You shud have been bit more causious when wrote all those. RIP sir
One of the most overlooked landmarks in India is the Rajasthan Chand Baori. Rajasthan is our soul for thousands of years bhai this is Bhawalpur Pakistan. Huh its in pk.
Visit the beautiful monastery of Lamayuru Gompa in Ladakh, India. I think everyone want to visit this place and see the historical temple,legend and many things Oh its so beautiful,its historical place of God Hindu also How did we missed that.
Inside America new war machine. The money and energy should be be spent for some good work. Nobody is attacking America and building such things to threaten the world is not very friendly and to sell these to promote war in this world is even worse The arms traders of the world
Cashing in on the cult of Apple A cult is religious following.
10 of Ea starriest skies. Such an awesome delight to eyes . beautiful scenes indeed . Super shots. GOOD NEWS EVERYONE WHERE ALL YOUR PROBLEMS WILL BE SOLVED KINDLY EMAIL Ldesspellcaster THIS IS MY STORY I am very happy to tell every one to hear my name is mr STEFAN . have been married four 4years and on the fifth year of my marriage, another man had to take my lover away from me and my wife left me and the kids and we have suffered for 2years until i met post where this mrs LDES Jenny have helped someone and decided to give her try to help me bring my lover back home and believe me just send my picture to him and that of my Wife and after 48hours as he first said to me my wife will be back, saw car drove into the house and behold it was my wife and she came to me and the kids, that is why am happy to make every one of you in similar position,or other difficulties,to meet with this woman and have your lover back to your self. You can contact her with this mail Ldesspellcaster THATS HER MAIL, THE SPELL CASTER NAME IS JENNIFER LDES she can also be helpfull in other kind of problems, LIKE FINANCIAL PROBLEMSBUSINESS PROBLEMS FOR HEALTH PROBLEMSHEALINGS, PROTECTIONS ETC KINDLY CONTACT HER ON Ldesspellcaster
Snapshots of India. very good snapshots of beautiful city Varnasi. Love india always.
The friendliest city in Europe is Why do we have to care about europe?. Crystal Glasgow is definitely the world friendliest . please express clear.
Ice cream truck graveyard
How much does cloud way? And more facts to make you sma er. Way or weigh?. wait watch in difficulties.
Ancient Vijayanagara is one of today most impressive ruins. This is why you go to India. From Goa, European tourists can escape not only to Vijaynagar, but can also en route little de tour visit older ruins of Badami and Pattadkal which are far more impressive Islamic invaders destroyed thousands of temples and ancient universities of nalanda and takshila in India just like present ISIS. Vijayanagara is glorious but why is Goa beach life decadent? I think both have their own unique kind of glory and charm. We dont have to admire one at the cost of another. We should have the expansion of hea to admire both on their own terms. I didnt expect this kind of thought process to come out of BBC India. I dont click like. .
The wettest place on Ea h.
The streets of Salford now Greater Manchester circa 1961 to 1981.
The world smallest private island.
If need be, we will take the violent path Hardik Patel, face of Gujarat caste protests. new face of caste terrorism instigated suppo ed by KhujliAssWaal a.k.a Arvind Kejriwal congiss all other so called sickulars. It is payback time to modi government, Patel violent caste in Gujarat they have killed thousands of Muslim in 2002 riots, modi govt using them as tool to terrorize Muslims. he is aaptard by default aap jdu sent bihari youthas patel in da really to create troublesome and wants to spread hatred among gujrati biharis so dat modi hav to face two front gujrat bihar nitish kumar r coward. Please stop promoting him his image been created by media please think twice, take opinion from several people before you published such thing where you showing wrong face to world.Patidar Patel community came on road not because hardik patel was leading they came on road demanding reservation to get equality. They want to create such scenario where every cast come up and ask for reservation so ultimately they want to remove cast base reservation. Have you ever seen 20 lacs people came on road demanding reservation.you would easily know community is in majority.so please dont promote him he played with Patel community. He has taken his own decisions and that why Gujarat is suffering with this situation Socialist principles are for the bygones of modernisation as per Culture Ecology. Study shows Patel have accumulated 13 of GDP of Gujrat. Who will decide???. It is time to change the mentality of Govt and its oilists otherwise other caste will also on road. Solution is simple no Indian will write caste before or after the name. This should be enforce by Law. There is no harm and hea to anyone.It should be sta ed checked at time of admission to elementary school for new one and for existing one to drop word related caste in their name with immediate effect. Hardik has United patidars which is welcome step. They have every right to fight for their welfare and right. govt of gujrat played mischief by ordering lathi charge rather than inviting for talk why are you playing with caste pollitics ????. Follow Gandhiji path . he looks like terrorist by default. sale kutte ki dum. stop caste based reservations. give every indian equal right reservations are worst than cancer. paralyzing the country I think degrade your community and waste your energy tongue power for degrade gujarath. This is gujarath people bad luck
Bollywoodthemed street tackles cultural stereotyping.
5 lessons from stock market chaos.
India Jungle Book forest.
The sex scene nobody wants to see? Ugly truth No will ever see
A curfew is imposed in Gujarat after violent rally demanding better access to jobs and education. Modi caught in turbulent situation. Will he can get of this ?OROP, BIHAR ELECTION NOW GUJRAT. His investment policy may have 2b renewed. new face of caste terrorism instigated suppo ed by KhujliAssWaal a.k.a Arvind Kejriwal congiss all other so called sickulars Dear Gujratis r proud ppl, coz of these bahari leaders kejriwaal ur image is getting spoilt, pls dont lower ur states image. Shameless BBC totally changed the topic it nt better access to jobs and education is reservation on jobs and education on the basis of cast Gujrat governance is badly expos ed.Does that man of 55 inch chest have any genuine answer now?.
India by night. Wow Its incredible image and its awesome and awesome. And cant be explained by the words of this beauty that its look like paradise and never see this type of beauty in India. Thanks to BBC India for click the image of this type of beauty of India
A beauty campaign. Now, Why dont you people put this topic away? Too much Properganda makes issue useless
This is the world biggest hea . My Goodness . I guess its HULK hea . by whom.
Photographers are flocking to this threatened terrain in the US no hwest, drawn by the iconic red barns, hypnotic rolling hills and scoured lava outcrops. Flocking together
Here sneak peek of the 2018 Audi fullsize all electric SUV. via BBC Autos want to job in bbc.
A ghostly tour of Ireland. via BBC Travel
The ancient origins of superheroes. via BBC Culture hero on e side is villan on o. hero on one side may a villain on other side.
There is growing evidence that several other species also engage in warfare, including our closest relatives the chimpanzees. it seemes war is natural lifestyle
Where the human fish lurks. It looks like building in fairytale Wow what place. Muni Varma I was here. .
This is where your bag goes after you checkin at Amsterdam Schipol Airpo . via BBC Autos That really amazing .
Feeling thirsty? At what price ?.
afety priority for Uber in India back to drawing board When will People of Delhi DEMAND PM Modi stop illegally taking control of Delhi Police From Dehli Chief Minister ? Until The People So this the horrific crimes will remain and responsibility will continue to be evaded by PM Modis pa of such So no body really is accountable Remember PM Modi is being sacking honest IS officers in Gujrat and Freeing convicted Gujrat Riot criminals ISIS India chapter , RANVIR SENA , FRIENDS OF TRIBAL SOCIETY, INDIA FOUNDATION , BAJRANG DAL, VHP, RAM SENA , BJPEE, RSS all the proxy for MODI Hate , gutter butcher , terror politics
Is there place for introve at the top?
A popular political satire and music show that pokes fun at India bizarre democracy kicks off its second season in Delhi. bbc take care of urs own pathetic country which calls uk get out from here. Democracy is nothing but American formulated medicine, India was priscribed wrongly by western world and British Our Outer looking Indian and Inner British minded leaders accepted Today India is still sick Congress administrated lethargic rulings on Indians,Educated thugs ruled the country Still only our wheels are moving but we are still not moving. Dont get carried away by Properganda of Progress
Chimps invented the Stone Age. It seems plausible that the ability to create stone tools requires some additional cognitive abilities not just recognising what would be useful tool, but also creating it, says Alexandra Rosati at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Larger brains require lot of energy to grow and maintain, and cooking increases the energy available from food relative to raw diet, . F you idiots You know nothing.
An inside look at the largest and most powerful telescope we have ever sent into space.
The world most dangerous group?
Vegetarian hits and misses. Will you be pleased show detailed repo on CAG finding on Delhi electricity bills that directly effect common masses. I miss than.
If you want to understand your mind, you have to follow your dreams. Here how. Truly fascinating.
Does moving make you sick?
Living in Mumbai deadly buildings. In India still Archetects and Builders are not able to deliver suitable construction of modern buildings Metality to rob the people and using inferior quality materials is their habit, Look still standing 100 to 500 years constructions, and to days 20 to 25 years wo buildings, Dishonesty in builders trade and Corrupt Government officials are responsible for all these Because they cannot afford buildings that are made with good construction materials and the officials do warm them in advance, but ppl still choose to stay in such buildings Its not always the fault of the government officials nd builders . bbc india pls provide alternative instead of post such non sense. for your kind info BBC , those old buildings were build by your own british engineers , now apply some burnol. Bloddy BBC you keep posting negative stuff about India go get life go cover news in UK we dont need here in India get lost Because they have no choice. Busy in day today life. surrounded by corruption Because people are not aware of the danger in those buildings and there is no one to regularly check the defects in them.
Is there limit to when we can no longer bear the strain of speed? In atmosphere definitely in outer space definitely if we can travel close to the Speed of light. and we can time travel but we cannot touch the Speed of light ever
How India changed English. Or how the English changed the curry . Hey, post about independence day Tell world how Indians kicked out the brits . bade aye english my foot english was created from sanskrit do know Bbc?. BBC rarely makes indians happy. Or how the English changed the curry . Nice post. English is heterogeneous language or man made language. Nice to know about the Indian originated words in an international language Nice post. English is heterogeneous language or man made language. Nice to know about the Indian originated words in an international language Ha. Some people will dislike BBC posts just because theyre British. But still subscribe
Harmonizing village and modern life through energetic folk and dance music. Culture is backbone of human kept it up.
Does the world oldest textbook of erotic love need to be redeemed and accorded its proper place as literary landmark of India rich heritage? I have read few pa of Kamasutra. It is really mind opener It just book with some specialities. So preserve it. That it is this when it was written or being applied to today Standards? is glorified promiscuity our heritage?. It already ente ains such status bbc now mention so. It world heritage. According to historians book was written 400BCE200 BCE. THE PICTURE HERE Is IRRELEVANT AS IT LOOKS LIKE OF MEDIEVAL INDIA. I HOPE BBCIndia will correct it Merv Speaks India greatest contribution is the invention of zero. I think it shows Indian history. Yes, it is feminist book of hinduism, for that reason Hindu leaders always have tried to ignore this book
The new S8 Plus. via BBC Autos
On clear days, the orchard landscapes in the no Indian state of Himachal Pradesh are photographer dream. Himachal Pradesh is just beautiful I dunno people travel to Abroad when they have the same beauty in their own country. how to get himalayan apples .
YoRadheMaaSoRed is said to possess supernatural powers being the reincarnation of the fiery Hindu goddess Durga, according to her followers. Her story here. In india there are lot of selfproclaimed godman godwomans. Their only motive is to amass wealth of the innocent. There loads around who would spend any amount to get their beliefs worked out. This is known as total illiteracy amongst those who are educated but still would run into blind faith. No one needs guidence if his hea brain are healthy. He can easily choose right path work hard to gain his goals. God is only one one should belive in him according to his faith no one in between is required to enlighten one path, its he who can decide his wellbeing rather than taking refuge of the godmen godwomans kabhi nirmal baba, kabhi radhe ma ho kya raha he Now, When people can follow these godmen, then how can one expect that the people will chose right candidate during voting Her followers get share of her profit by making people fool. 2015 mein log gandu nehi ho sakte Bina profit ke. She is not god women but she is definitely froud women Alien look like Just blind superstition . Most Hindus do not care for her or believe in her I am HINDU and I dont follow this lady. Age of fraudsters,fake God messengers and glib talkers,inevitable in the Kali Yug . These people annointed by the rich and powerful for money laundering and other immoral activities She is just an ordinary human being real Sage or Saint lives simplest form of life if anyone knows about Sai Baba OriginalShirdi cn make it out how he lived I dont know if she is blessed or she showers blessings bt She is definitely not the ReincarnationOfGoddessDurga just regular Female hu spotted herself learnt method of surviving in this super superstitious World This happened only in india, big tree, stone abnormal god in india this odd lady called herself god has many foolish flowers. She is not Davi . she is an ordinary woman who knows how to make money by fooling people. We live in country where people easily believe these things, without understanding this that this is Kaliyug. In Ancient era our Muni do Tapasya for many years then god give them darshan. God is not so cheap that he she will announce that shehe is god .Demand precious thing.Rama ,Krishna or any god never said that he is God. There Karma shows that. These kind of people make Hindu dharma ashamed. People laughing on us. Pl. Dont make Fun of our religion Please, Dont give Air to the Criminals of religion by highlights. Such bogus ladies are money spiners First of all she is incarnation of Durga in her followers opinion. In my opinion there can not be incarnation of incarnation. In Hindu incarnation theory there are incarnations of Vishnu. Secondly she can dress or I dress herself the way she likes. The main question is dowry harassment. If it is true she should be punished Stop adding Maa at the end of her name Because she is not God women,but she is 110 fake lady,shame for her. All Hindus slap her she is making fun of gods, ,wearing lipstick dancing telling bla bla Bring her to me. I will show the reality that she is just zero ponga. She & aides around possess you you just dance to their tune.
Workers hesitate to disclose dementia diagnosis but employers can work with staff to develop new work plan that adapts to their needs.
A four pa series on BBC World News where Dan Snow travels in the footsteps of the East India Company, which revolutionized the British lifestyle, sparked new age of speculation and profit and by accident created one of the most powerful empires in history. Sta ing this weekend Saturday, 15th Aug at 5pm and 10pm or on Sunday, 16th Aug at 10am and 11pm.
Spitting cobras can shoot venom across large distances with great accuracy. Watch and see.
To the untrained eye, it looks as if almost half of Arctic sea ice has disappeared over just 15 years via Scroll we need drowning map of world, which cities drown as sea level rises in the estimated range may be taht will encourage politicians to bring this issue on front burner. And what about the trained eye?.
Do you agree that women often dont fare well in horror movies? What is the need of Horror films? All ready we are in Horrible world No, they are inherently stupid
We find it easier to admire an aggressor than victim so long as we are not the victim.
The difficult life of Dmitri Shostakovich, one of the most significant musical figures of the 20th Century.
How old will you live to be? hope dont know till last moment. It 120 older. while have sun
Today we launch major upgrade to the BBC.com homepage intended to greatly improve the experience for our loyal readers around the world.
Tackling technology overload. Hi good morning.
Email is very selfish tool.
The 10 most beautiful bicycles.
Look familiar?
This is what your phone does to your mind.
Your favourite Da Vinci works.
Also known as knowitall
Western Ghats One of the world eight biodiversity hotspots. Western Ghats are believed to be formed due to the high pressure on land when Indian sub continent split from Madagaskar land mass in Africa thousands of years ago. There is gap called Palakkad gap in the western ghats of Kerala which is believed that it was large river which was flowing when Indian subcontinent was pa of Gondwana Great trekking there just returned to England from two week trip to Kerala and Tamil Nadu wow. So beautiful. Must need protect. hope not they do not eye these for development . Please spare them for good Will be there soon .
The many styles of the Queen of Pop.
Be my valentine? Typewritter is really beautiful with vibrant colour.loved it
The curious psychology of your office space.
Using these celestial timekeepers, astronomers are answering questions about stars, matter and even space and time itself that would otherwise be impossible. Great Y .
Welcome to the womenonly clubs.
The ultimate cult film?
Possibly the world most extraordinary and capable ATV. It an old idea now.
2000yearold termite mound found. Great news news of the decade . .
Laxman Rao is not your ordinary chai wallah. If he is earning well from books. He can give up his tea business for less intelligent. Simply awesome Salute Sir Great fo itude. He has set3 an example in life You are really great Sir. U can teach students instead of selling tea. Great man
The line between life and work is almost entirely disappearing.
Reason Lions live in India, in the Gir Protected Area in Gujarat State. Oo Selamat Siang oOOo BBC India Gokil katakatanya Reason Lions live in India, in the Gir Protected Area in Gujarat State. Super Autolike Super Bot
It about time they made flying supercars Great. Great new feat. It incredible . That amazing Superb Flying car. This Flying car must be about 15 feet long by feet wide
No free Whatsapp? am already off whatsapp. Ya it is correct one Indian pay money for whatsapp and I think rs.56 per year Indians dont pay, if it is necessary, we will find alternate methods. whatsapp screwed p. Time to use only hike News of whatsapp and pic of Facebook. Will Britons learn to relate things correctly? . We now have the option to switch to hike messenger made in India Dont worry Then we have telegram P.
An opentop Ferrari V8 has arrived. wow its dream.
The network that runs the world.
Anything you set your mind to do, you just do it. How female pilot in India built career and still never missed parentteacher meeting. Great . She really adds feathers to the cap of women hood Reminds me of my flying days.Kudos for her It true. Htsoff
What kind of traveller are you? Take our quiz and find out
New nectarfeeding bat found.
What would you do with large sum of cash? Where is the Headlines of our Indians beloved former President Dr. Abdul Kalam news? If you dont cover the news then you dont deserve to be in India. RacistBBC. Have fun, enjoy while you can. And if possible help the needy ones I will buy copies of Bible in multiple and share to those people who have not got their copies of Bible.I think everybody must have copy of Bible I will invest them in astronomical research. It can sure appease one lust also one dont have to buy tea garden to drink tea Money can not be buy. A lot of necesities and bit of fun.
Why are some of the highest suicide rates in the world often found in countries and regions with high rates of selfrepo ed happiness? Probably because people who say they are happy are lying
You can tell people what music you like the way in which you are influenced by things but you really cant control the way people see you or expect people to agree with your selfassessment, musically, istically, interpersonally, in any of these things. Who is Yakub memon? Yakub Memon, the brother of Tiger Memon, is Cha ered Accountant. He completed his Masters Degree from Burhani College of Commerce and A s. He was enrolled as student in the Institute of Cha ered Accountants of India, and successfully completed his study in 1990. Yakub Memon is well educated person, with no hands in wrong deeds. He is currently in Jail, with no reason, and will be hanged up soon. People, its your responsibility and duty to stop this verdict. Ask yourself, Is he terrorist? Why? He is just getting this punishment because he is the brother of Tiger Memon? Or is he getting this punishment because he is Muslim? Let me inform you something else. Let me tell you about India Secular system. They punish people for no reason, they punish Muslims for no reason. This is how their judicial system works. Lets talk an example now, Name Sadvi Pragaya. Crime Blast in Makkah Masjid, Ajmer Masjid Blast, Malegon Blast, Samjhota Express Blast. Her allegations were proved and accepted. Punishment Nothing. Now, lets take look at the other profile Name Yakub Memon. Crime Was accused in the Mumbai Bomb Blast. Punishment Cou verdict of hanging him to death. Reason Because he is the brother of Tiger Memon or is he Muslim?? Why are they giving him the punishment and why not her? Because is it religious matter? Dear All, Its an appeal to all those who are reading this message, kindly think of it, stop the Judicial of India from taking this step as hell be hanged on 30th July 2015. He is an innocent person, in fact he doesnt even have FIR in India or any where else. Forget about the religious conflicts, help us resolve this problem. Help us getting this message viral, as we really need it. kindly spread this message everywhere in this world this is our humble request
You might not associate India with wine, but the local industry has been growing over the past decade.
Bollywood song turns wedding viral. . Wah wah wah wah about the campaign and idea . In Indian songs HV great love. Hello Today I discovered way to download programs and games that you buy with money to be downloaded for free through program whaff Rewards 1.go to . google,play store and search on whaff rewards and downlaod it 2after download it click on log with facebook then press ok to sta 3after that the program will ask for code write thise code BN72503 then press ok 4 after enter the code you will get 0,50$ invit your frendis when they download and enter the code youwill get money untill you collect 10$ you will can transfer it to google play money and can buy any thing __ .
This discovery that will cheer your hea . Lovely creature.
Today, displaced Syrians are rebuilding their lives and reestablishing themselves in all aspects of life. Here are there stories. BBC India, it should be Here are their stories Not there . Being humane is real life. Respect all life. Welcome to Doon valley region. HumanityHimalaya .
Beasts of the ice age.
The Americans have cowboys. The British have gentlemen.
Crocodiles do not necessarily set out to hunt humans. But in case you see one, here what you do. and BBC is making another documentary on it But they forgot to greet SANIA MIRZA . Top predator of the animal kingdom becoz they are hungry.
Should robot buying illegal pills online be subject to the same laws as human drug dealer?
A secret cardhacking lab exists.
Find out why Buenos Aires might just be your next destination.
Thoughts? Every state in India has cinema industry, India is the world largest cinema maker India,this is what happens when you put new recruits to manage social media publishing Idiots. Dont know about rivaling India but it is good to see that their Cinema is improving too. It should be taken as general sign of times changing in Pakistan. If there is good pleasing environment everywhere then maybe it will over power all the negative radicalextremist elements of the society Congratulations on great film Quality Pak film will have good audience in India One small step fir man, one giant leap fir mankind. There is no competition though. They make movies for Pakistan. We make for Indian continental diaspora all over the world The budget is 340,000$ with mediocre plot seriously competition with Bollywood?? BBC India you should focus on better things. You have reputation to maintain . can Canadian movie industry rival Hollywood?. Pakistanis are not filth lover. But India is filthy and di country Very ling way to reach our standards, they are in stone age, dont even dream of coming near our indian film standards Their movies , songs , etc. All are based on bollywood if you notice BBC is anthor game players, they want to instigate Indian Muslims in India against Hindu and in Pakistan they instigate Kashmiris against India It born for interfiarance only . joke try publishing in faking news. I would like to say honestly that I watched both indian bollywood flims and dramas and also watched pakistani dramas I percieved that pakistani dramas are far more better and infulencial in all respects than indian dramas or pictures Yes they can. Lahore was the centre before Pa ition. Many in Bollywood migrated from there. Dilip Kumar Kapoors SRK Sadhna Babita Asrani etc. Pakistan has movie industry??? Lol strange. Get life BBC Joke of the century Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha The admin of this page has gone schizophrenic, other wise ,he would not have dared to post such illusive and nonsense post Pakistani cinema cant compete with the bhojpuri film industry even Lol hahaha never , dont joke like this many will die laughing . . Brits are still playing devide and rule and we South asians not only fall for it, but also show to world how successful strategists they are. Pakistan will take another 100 ys to catch us. Seriously? This is 2015 and they are releasing movie for the first time world wide. And already sta ed saying they are the top of the world? Ill say that pathetic achievement
Giant animals you probably have never seen.
It known as the monkey that sneezes in the rain.
Sneaky sex is good for mongooses.
Inside Delhi most haunted house I wanna watch more upload more video. 514282532053339 Download this Mcent app and get ? 350 recharge and 7GB 3G internet absolutely free. 494186543944281 Step1 Download Mcent App on this link 1.9MB 1.9MB 1.9MB 1.9MB 1.9MB 1.9MB Step2 Signup for getting talktime The Mcent app gives you free recharges. Now sta earning Unlimited Talktime daily 512176462263946 .
It takes more than George Clooney charisma and appeal to succeed.
What on your reading list? via Scroll Well what about dan brown,Sidney Sheldon,khaled hossieni???they awsm. Because in India if you really want something, you do it all on your own, through one sheer resolve. Weve got an educational system that produces automatons. It is as bureaucratic as our government. Here book, study it, all the questions will be from this book. Pupil scores ninety plus, very good Now on to the next system. Engineers and doctors are impo ant. But the social sciences is as impo ant Says who, we were all reading maniacs since school Cuz parents of most good literature students wanted them to be engineers or doctors and Indian education system is more concerned about exam scores than education Ya it is correct Q. Why college student are not read real literature book before college because I think they are interested in another one
If you go 12 consecutive nights on six hours sleep, it equivalent to blood alcohol of 0.1 , which is marked by slurred speech, poor balance, and impaired memory. In other words, youre drunk. it me. As psychology student, Ive been stressing this for long time Sir I have been an innocent woman victim of multi targeting, remote monitoring and electronical harassment since last 15 years.I am citizen of India. Please tell Narendra Modi ji to look into my case, Many innocent women are losing lives due to this constant organised gang stalking adapted by land mafia goons who bribe law enforcement agencies and commit this henious ,barbaric invisible murder .Earlier I was thinking that there might be one or two people involved in my stalking of 24x7 but Sir now have lost count of people involved in this gang stalking ??. Dear Mr. President Barack Obama ,please look into my matter and deliver my life to me. I am like house arrested. I have been classic case of gang stalking. I have been poisoned, gangstalked, mobbed at my work place , my neighbours are told lies about me to distance me from everyone. Cars do skits outside my house playing siren music and with black film all over it. Three days back when cars have been doing rukus outside My house recorded their activities and called police .My life is ruined by this target gang stalking.Please Sir save me Please google Electronic harassment gang stalk remote monitoring individual targeting.
True or false Car designers often take cues from contemporary fashion.
Can machines have conscious experiences? you need to add all the hormones and chemicals that causes feeling effects and maybe you can. Here Human like Rahul gandhi and Alia bhatt cant think and you are expecting it from Machines never . Now coming rule the world coming soon?. Machine would never gonna think like human becayse it dont have experience of living , relations , happiness and sadness , hunger feeling , needs to survival . Only human feels everything . Machines are only programed and they cant think . Every single cell of human body have feeling to be survive for there last but AI just machine
Making Parsi babies. which govnmnt ? under wht criteria how dollar can give bi to chld ?. A request to our Parsi Brothers plz plz increase your population the contribution of Parsi community is Tremendous. She so cute well done Drs
Pakistan military says it has shot down an Indian spy drone in the disputed region of Kashmir. this is Chinese drone BBC india this is fake news . D Evn the drones stop shaking hand wit pakistani terrorism Coz it fears to get reteliate by our stong Indian force Hey BBC India, do you guys use Internet Explorer?. And India retaliated in strongest terms by denying it. Chinese armies have trampled on Indian soil, in India arunachal pradesh. But India did its best by denying it, though video clips were shown. I guess India is in no position for war with Pakistan or China So denying it is the best option right now that is Chinese drone use by Pakistani army lol BCC need to well inform. Thats DJI Phantom Drone used by hobbyists No Spy Drone Either Pakistan is hyperscared of toys or hyperparanoid . B.B.C. should check the fact before post anything .It is chinese drone used by ISIS.Even pakistan police They dnt how to use drone so they destroy own drone and blame India terrorism epicentre Pakistan. Hey information was that they shot down vulture mistaking it be indian drone. You have to be very shameless to be Pakistani these days. American drones are killing them and Pakistani criminals are being beheaded in Saudi every month. Without being shameless Pakistani cant survive Riiiight so were using commercial phantom drones for recon? get the images right guys. if that is the photograph released by the Pakistani Military, feel bad for the civilian Photographer. lol Ye chainess drone he indian army chainess drone use nei a. Almost every country have their DRONES hovering around entire pakistan I wonder how they identify them. Must have shot down their own drone, P. This type of Drone India dont use This is Chinese made drone of pakistan .infact pakistan police olso got this type of drone. How did you know that it is an Indian drone?. indian army chinnese toys use nai i. Its Chinese dron $230. Fools shot there own drone. Aray Mr Nawaz Sharif it was pizza delivery drone. Dont get scared. Lol. This is porkistani drone.
Intelligence machines come in myriad forms, so which ones pose danger to us, and how likely are they to actually happen? Going by my reading of the average IQ of humanity, I would be really worried for the average.
How can country history, geography, culture, politics and religion be squeezed into one design?
What does ificial intelligence mean to you? I dont think there something called ificial intelligence. Machines follow the orders of man.
Klimt was considered an ist ahead of his time. In honour of his bi hday 14 July 1862 , we asked readers to share their favourite works by the ist. the kiss obviously
Are you secretly faceist? this study was done like 10 yrs ago
The most natural time to nap, based on our circadian rhythms, is between and 4pm now, really . Its been discovered by all Punekars centuries ago still practicing it.
High tech gear that helps people cheat in exams in India. cheating is universal . dont just blame india . hopeless aljazzera bbc
A moving story of love and promise.
Madras crocodile bank is getting overcrowded. I have went there some times or so They should throw all the rapists in there and govt officials. Bbc , it no more madras crocodile bank. Call as chennai crocodile bank. Y u using unofficial name ?. Cover the current situation of manipur ilp protest Its beautiful place. Have been there several times and have noticed the same. Too crowded. So much so that some even come past the barriers I have seen it. Awesome job. Are they being released in Wild ?. Tara get one back as pet?. Humans dying without proper food they have money to feed more then 2k magars. It could be raw material for leather jacket,belt purse industries Narendra Modi ,we would need your attention here.
The 11 greatest children books.
A new discovery gives insight into how the iconic horned dinosaur evolved.
Antarctica isnt just the coldest place on Ea h, it is also one of the windiest. How do you survive?
There have been several protests against rape in India. Sex trade is another looming issue. I can expect this from states but not from kerala. This proves we all are equal human being includes some real evil Wht f. .k y people doing lyk this dnt know . In kerela limitation of shameless are totally cross their is no shameless.I think parents of that girl are not human being they are selfish giant for own profit they sold their daughter. And government of kerela are not take any type of action.give punishment of that parent The parents should be lynched. Nothing but inhuman bloody parents beti ko bech diye spit on them. so didnt repo ed the ISRO news,which launched UK satellites but came up with this news very fast 3. I am afraid whether this news is correct, since I did not hear from the Indian media which are always looking for such sensational news. Let me say here that Kerala is the first 100 literate state in india, every pedestrian is graduate. You can see graduates and post graduates working as po ers and transpo conductors & drivers. Many families have only one child now, decreased from two children per family. Kerala state is factory producing engineers, doctors and IT professionals. Anywhere in the world Keralites can be seen working in good position. But this pa icular area Malappuram belongs to pa icular religion. They marry many times . In this case father and mother have many years of difference in age, hence possible she is not the only ons wife of that husband. Many children in one family since their religion do not allow family planning. Send children to Madarasa instead of schools Might be possible that it is true case wow learnign something new daily about India. It just gets worse and worse wrong parenthood . so do in U.K for alcohol girls themselves selling. Horrible to hear from state having the highest literacy record.wot shame . Let India medium expose di news of Queen UK too. Its shame for the state and country too.but no such news in Indian media.why always such bad news for BBC.may be they should retrain their repo ers in Kerala Her own parents . such shame Pathetic. those parents should be beaten to near death prove and check population. Respect women. Its neither Looming Nor an Issue Its verymuch Business as in ALL OTHER COUNTRIES You P. Shame on ppl who consider women as piece of meat .
An Indian railways ticket examiner has created beautiful work capturing life around trains, platforms and stations. via Scroll If only our railway stations were actually so beautiful Is there beauty or death in Indian railways? when they will reform this whole spider net?. Kudos Great Looks as good as real,better than photograph The iste should be encouraged for many more such creations and felicitated too Beautiful Work. beuatiful painting nice. Railway should reward him. this just keeps circulating the internet Romantically beautiful Beautiful paintings . Great work by Biswal. lovely and awsome . sell them via amazon or flipka will earn money. wow excellent & stunning painting it should be on every bill board.
More than half billion people in India still continue to defecate in the open, according to WHO. This affects their pregnancies. india no need toilet thy need vetu power. thy need hamara india Indian habits of spitting every where, throwing garbage, defecate in open even God lands on ea cant change . same old story to defecate in the open and urinate in public places have same consequences BBC go back to your country We are already frustrated by aajTak ndTv Abp zee and other news channels. lol adverse pregnancy? Adverse health for the whole of India Why BBC found it only now, to defame Modi Govt ? After independence only now we sta ed making toilets in schools and for poor homes. Hence no surprise . This di habit will never leave the Indians , as most of the indians lack hygiene BBC India exaggeration to limit is cool, recently WHO has released repo saying open defecation came down by 31 in India. Do project something about us too Good topic Its true no way to change their habits but you cant see it in no east of india bcoz most of woman children are more educated and more active in spo .so our indian seven sisters states are unexplore . . The rural people of States like Bihar , Jharkhand, Orissa, Gujrat, Haryana , Rajasthan , MP are the main culprits in this issue. Can BBC India do follow up on this story by elucidating on the scheme of Swacch Bharat campaign and help us know how many public toilets have been built since July 2014 ? You talk about the Problem when the Solution is already being implemented Actually it is shame for us. we have to give full awareness to People still many villagers in India even in my nearby palces saw not poor people they sta ed constructing houses wo 15lakhs but without toilet asked them about it they simply said they donot need it our generations are brought up defecate in open and only education will bring awareness according to BBC people has cellphone those who donot have cellphones did not lead good life. It is shame for the Nation and we should get rid of these immediately. Fo unately, the present Govt. in the centre is trying hard for the removal of these fake repo it cant half billion, it impossible. They defeacate , urinate on the streets too. half billion over exaggeration at its peak adverse pregnancies rofl what are these?. recently chennai metro inaugrated , care to show something good about India ?. We must give top most priority to toilets for all under Swachh Bharat Mission. Each state , gao panchayat and all public bodies to make it happen within year meanwhile in other news, Indian finalized its contract with kazatan for 5000kg uranium. You got to your priories right here . Sad but true. The problems of India are more socially deep rooted and will take very long time to solve Adverse pregnancy ? Hehehe if it was otherwise could have justify it hehehe that this open defecation is what causes this population explosion Hehehe. if that is the case India would not have been one of the most country .
There is way to make sure you always get what you want at work.
How do we know if what were looking at is real? we decide to believe them to be fake or real.
A medical school admission examinations scandal in India has turned into veritable whodunit with thousands of arrests, mysterious deaths and the suspected involvement of top politicians and bureaucrats. Thanks BBC India for bringing this to light. This is what media channel should do, not dish out trash by sensationalising things like the Indian channels in India what is obviously visible is never the truth as investigations begins some uncomfo able time for congress is in the box Still Dr Subramanium Swami and Sangh Parivar are after Christians not against corrupt. Its Shame. BBC should focus on western world than blaming india like this first see the USA for racism The ruling BJP has lost its credibility .India is very corrupt , no political pa is free from this evil . No hope for the nation Britishers are always interested about India, maybe because they have very bad habit of interfering in others matters bbc is truly straight forward channel. The current Indian PM is the biggest hypocrite the country has ever seen So much for the great Indian image abroad . Take care of yourself doctor. This Vyapam scam is not small one. The top most politicians and bureaucrats are involved in this scam otherwise so many persons are being killed and none is bothered for the killing persons. Some body says, it is sucide, some says it is natural death and some claims it is hea attack. This itself indicates the involvement of top personalities and our PM is keeping mum because scam is from BJP ruled state why not make Lalit Modi MP CM?. Can we imagine the nation with 90 percent unfits as medicos, engineers and administrators? So, merit deserves priority for our survival The spokesperson of BJP on ndtv is blatantly manipulating twisting statements despite glaring evidence in the murderous scam which is unfolding each day. The governor of MP States takes bribe inside Raj Bhavan. The PM continues his tours and keeps quite with all the crisis here in india. He made all kinds of promises, these are the kind we vote to govern our country biggest vyapam can be unea hed in uttar pradesh public service commission This is only Byapam there are many countless like this that why unemployment in our coutry. full of worms. FRIENDS EARN Rs.60 AND MORE NEW OFFER FROM THE APP EARN TALKTIME . THE APP SIZE IS JUST Mb AND WHEN U INSTALL IT U WILL GET A RECHARGE OF RS.60 IF U ALREADY HAVE THAT APP REINSTALL THE APP USING THIS LINK .GO TO THIS LINK TO INSTALL THE APP . CLICK THE LINK AND DOWNLOAD THE APP . AFTER DOWNLOADING U WANT TO LOGIN THE APP USING UR MOBILE NUMBER. YOU CAN INVITE UR FRIENDS IN WHATSAPP AND FACEBOOK USING THIS APP AND GET RS.30 WHEN EACH FRND JOINS. ALSO FROM THIS APP U CAN DOWNLOAD OTHER APPS AND GET RS.100 TO RS .1000 . U CAN RECHARGE UR PHONE USING THIS MONEY HURRY UP GUYS SHARE IT MAXIMUM WITH UR FRIENDS AND IN GROUPS. Download link Why are we surprised ? It india.
In an amazing experiment, two mice took just five months to dominate new land. The bitfer truth abt the much Media hyped Gujarat model of non governancel GUJARAT trails most states on primary education, health care has one of highest shameful record of woman child malnutrition One of the most corrupted highly polarised religious intolerance state iin country Maximum Modification minimum non governance invasive nonnatives have way of acting like rselection types. Like this page to Suppo Indian Spo , Like Hockey , Football , Basketball , Kabaddi ,Others all spo Chak De Indian Spo s.
The lonely life in the big city. Really .
PM Modi has new app called Narendra Modi. Here what we think of it. A 56 inch ego BBC British Brainwashing Communication .
Getting new boss is rarely easy, but it can be even harder when your old boss was your biggest fan. How do you go on?
How an Indian sage went beyond Hinduism to salvage spirituality. via Scroll Hinduism itself is an amalgamation of miniscule spiritualities. The sun,moon,solar system,milkyway,trees,plants,cows,animals, yoga, meditation and whatnot is included. Figure out yourself what you want in hinduism. Hindu adhyatm is beyond any boundry of religion.Adhyatm and spricuality .these term comes in light by hinduism only beyond Hinduism ? lol please study about him more D That is very natural and it is process recommended in Hindu scriptures. Dont mislead the hindus Sirs we are no longer your slaves to listen to your concocted MaCaulayism . The paramahamsa never went even an mm beyond Hinduism . In fact he said that Christianity Islam were just like bubbles on the surface of the water and shall vanish soon and that the Hindu Dharma alone shall only remain . This is there in the Gospels of Sri Ramakrishna by Mahendranath Ramakrishna mission BBC News BBC World Service BBC Future all are rooted from London are the people established BBC are belong to HINDU or sta ed hinduism as news channel you are just epowed to give the news not any decision Hinduism is the living style of each and every individual on the ea just feel the music of silence and try to reaISE THE ESSENCE OF THE TRUTH dont argue and misguide the general public Please follow his thought and knowledge about religion. all religion are same humanity is the only religion in our ea according to him Religions are psychiatric problem of human responsible for uncountable massacres and destruction same god created different religions so that it create war and control population of world and eliminate the weak because nature has only one rule survival of strongest He doesnt went beyond but he was bringing back the correct Hinduism ruined by time & period. sri ramakrishna paramhans not educated verywell nor he studied the scriptures.yet he experienced and expressed every spiritual experience to his sishyas and gave them the true knowledge. looking young in this pic nice phil guru of guru of guru RKP. every sage beyond Hinduism. FYI spirituality is very small pa of Hinduism You dont have to go beyond Hinduism for spirituality but need better understand of it to know little bit about spiritual world this new age ignorant B.S. make you laugh . 95 of people who are commenting have not read the icle He is my God,path finder. Sincerely I could not understand the focus of this icle. My fault. Sorry can we leave reloigion olz. Going beyond Hinduism , its impossible he should go to Pakistan for not suppo ing NO H Indian hindooism . Am Indian by blooded.
Here are your favourite Franz Kafka lines.
The BMW i8 supercar. super hot. Wait, where is Stig???. want to eat this. Yaa sir we should B4 anyone comes with some other brilliant ideas P Anubhav Sisodia. wow cool wanna one long drive. What amazing car. I Dont want any evil in my garage P. Matt Sk Pulkit Chaudhary Anubhav Sisodia. Jish Jacob.
Up until 2.4 billion years ago, there was no oxygen in the air. It took something big to change that perhaps the biggest evolutionary leap of all. LOL Babycee oxygen was one of the first gas to be formed on this planet Brush up ur knowledge . Ya this so of knowledge must provide. Keep it up . We can say it rather,that organisms which can suit that atmosphere developed more than two billion years ago.
Carved through the Himalaya mountain range, the 500km highway between the towns of Manali and Leh in no hwest India has become premier mountain challenge for intrepid cyclists, presenting one of the highest and most starkly beautiful rides in the world. I was there in 2012.
The famous Chanderi saris of India were once worn by royalty. This is changing.
The country growing middle class is reshaping India film industry. But can it serve global audience? With the rise of middle class people expect quality movies which are seldom in india So they eventually prefer hollywood. it will ruin bollywood movies it already does. How can it expect on global markets Indian movies are made for just Indian contest, it lacks global perspective and Language that only Indians can pursue Its all ready doing good earn millions in overseas market. dont get intrigued by numbers in overseas.think about increasing the standards and the qualities of movies.fame,popularity and money will come later.we have become laughing stock in the global arena when it comes to good cinema.Even small country like Iran produces movies that are thousand times better than our so called blockbuster Our films are junk of decades old boring stories repeated again and again without any originality. They have no standing in world cinema. Bollywood rules UK. Shut up BBC it dsnt need to we have different culture ppl wnt understand it. movies like rang de basanti deserved an oscar way better than slumdog millionare or life of pi. well I dont know of other movies but the one featured on your icle cover can and has done & plus there are many other regional movies too who have received awards or nominations at Oscars or Canes. Some are really good but the word remains some . The golden era of bolywood is long gone. Now you will get copy cat movies, remakes and absurdly obscene movies making millions and classy movies going flop with some consolations. There is too much glittering and no gold left in bolywood now. Originality, conceptual and impactful movies are rarely seen Never. People who are raised in any country from the Indian subcontinent can only relate to Indian movies. People of Indian origin surely will be intrigued but foreigners watch such movies out of curiosity Indian movie ran out of stories apa from violence and smuggling Indian Film Industry should Glocalise. Yeah Glocalise. Not really. It is sexist and racist. Yes it can am Indian proud.
Can India new food vendors compete with street stalls? Food Trucks are not new in India , yes least in number you can find them easily in Patna Dak Bunglow they call them Open house and some other place too.
The key to ending ageing may lie in rare disease that doesnt even have real name, Syndrome X . Actresses remain always young by freezing their age at 18 for years
No means no. YES IT DOES In BOLD letters Yet the same directors and actors speak for women equality Hypocrites . not only bollywood, whole indian cinema now turn to behave like western culture . which is not good for indian generation Bollywood does not reflact India. Movie makers are concerned about making money Injecting Poison in the common people mind. Even educated are dive ing, then there is no amazement arise, why uneducated do the hellish. Sensor board failing in Indian Film Industry. Dear BBC, Money turns No to Yes . bollywood is largely funded by underworld don , dawood ibrahim. how can this industry be good ? they are basically kanjars what you sow you reap, cheap bollywood movies cannot do anything better for children. films and other revolution in media is the responsible for these. Kaushik Mandal sorry man may from world country. India is not poor or world country. I Dont believe the western classification Yes 1000 percent. Bollywood is so stupid it is not funny. They make harassment of women bullying and violence look like fun and desensatise esp undereducated masses to these crimes. Dont blame the west. India does very good job of opressing wonen right from the days of Ramayana Well how many movie plots are about guy stalking some girl? A lot and it made out to be romantic. But if the girl isnt into it, it just creepy. Life isnt Bollywood where is the doubt?? It not only Bollywood but the cinema it general spoils society and in pa icular youths to drink and smoke, indulge in violence and make love in schools BBC is worried again ?? . Hollywood too BBC. Not just bollywood, all other regional woods too. Absulutly hated movies. Absolutely, since long time back to be precise Indian movies did spoil us completely but that same logic also applies to other film industries existing in the Indian subcontinent too. Those who produce, direct, promote or act in such movies should be thrown behind bars these people are the culprits and surely we are too The dance moves says it all doesnt it?. no one room house where children see their parents in the act. You bet. It incites every kind of lawless behaviour Absolutely correct Very few girls wears decent dresses and the rest SRK will buy BBC. Ya of course?. Almost
Just when you thought your silver screen heroes did all the work
We now live in world where we can conveniently book our own private jets. Gud news for people Yes but only if weve valid currency which allowed us to buy anything in this world chopper ki kaha tha tune sabke pass hoga or ye he chalenge bas. Why book when you can own one 3.
Dig tunnel through the Ea and you could freefall to the centre in 18 minutes. If you dig tunnel from this side to other side of ea and if jump you will go other side then come this side again and this process will be continue if no obstacle come in your way. would be very happy to turn into ashes. think we will osculate.
In India, miles of concrete dominate the crowded urban landscape. But in the remote no hern region of Kashmir, the summer capital of Srinagar is dominated by Dal Lake, glistening hea that gives the city its slow and steady pulse. Good to share bit of paradise . Nice photography Serene yetdsolate due to government and public apathy We need Dr.APJ Abdul Kalam Day to be declared by the Government. Share your voice and extend your suppo in all possible ways among the people of this great Nation India. Lake is dying slowly lke the place sonn it will come under the grip of terrorisim with the he lp of stupid christian heaven on ea h. By down grading Indian cities what BBC wants to say. It is known fact .or smugly BBC wants to compare to downgrade us Why compare with delhi?.
The Great Kat is guitarist on mission to play pieces of classical music fast. Very fast. Who cares.
Prison break. Y do guys in BBC alwaz post india in bad limelight today cops sucks have seen their belly they can even run. Indians got presence of mind, achieve their target any how. Proof of corruption They shouldnt be allowed to watch escape plan . Varun Singh no dear all over the world prisoner try to escape. In germany it is even leagal to try and escape. There so many digging to come inside for thier safty or in anticipation of the pending award. Alarming situation of law and order. same happened in new york recently. Mohammad Laraib Indian version of Shawshank? . Achintya Singh only in India .
Could the way ants behave help us develop the internet or even understand how cancer spreads? But ants do speak it will be helpful but first of all decode the way ants live without fighting for cast ,gender,religion,corruption . it will be far more useful for humanity in my opinion
In search of Dutch printmaker MC Escher, famous creator of these mindbending visions and optical illusions. Wow Its amazing.
A cloud that looks like nuclear blast. Its Amazing. mein to kuch aur hi samach rha tha water spout. It beautiful natural why you are compare with nuclear A of nature . .
Going somewhere far? Sounds like you need playlist. Seeing this picture BBC very interesting hobby is on the verge of dying out DXING on sho wave documentary on this should be done
This is your brain on Lamborghini.
Lexus has built an actual, working, reallife hoverboard. No joke. Old News WHAAAAAAAAAAAAT XD. SO A NEW ERA HAS STA ED. WADAFAQ Awesome way to go Lexus .
Haleem How Hyderabad cafes made Muharram dish synonymous with Ramzan. via Scroll Most yummiest Dish to eat 3. Most yummiest Dish to eat. .
Big lights, big sneeze bless you That is photo chemical reaction. If hv difficulty in getting sneez look up high to sun for clearing sneezing .
The factors of how beauty is perceived, revealed.
Here fun way to promote awareness for the girl child Take selfie with your daughter and win prize. What an absurd idea BBC your icles are Great. .
Alien life throughout the solar system not just Mars is real possibility. It sounds great if extraterrestrial life existed in the mere future The day when aliens wil find us Of the many types fuel being tried can we explore the idea of riding the light,instead of being in the shadow of light For if the idea succeeds the speed for space travel increases and time consumed decreases I mean if the light can carry mass bbc will find them first lolzz. can find in 30 of Hollywood movies . Aliens searching for aliens. Its awsome. Aliens will be in the 14th planet from sun. Muslims are real alien who want to destroy the world When we will stop searching. What if they find us.
Fish spit in insects faces. And it deadly.
Why crying at your desk is not going to help. Learn from our Honourable PM Mr.Modi who has withstood so many criticism.
Hearing loss can happen so gradually it is difficult to notice until it too late. Vijay consider this Reeta Singh for Check Uhear app in app store. Advin Roy Netto for you Ashish Dutta.
The majestic land of Rajasthan. Thanks for recognition Welcome in my Rajasthan. Why the royalty still own their mega palaces and earn mega dollars off the blood and sweat of the citizens. The free citizen are still slaves to the dynasty old royals. Holding royal title is banned in the modern Republic.But, they mock the poor citizens with their royal hotels. Freedom and civic freedom is joke of unusual levels. Himalaya .
The roots and routes of Indian words that have become pa of everyday English. India English better than other countries. MASTER STROKE TO IT IS ENGLISH IS CODED LATINISED PUNJABI PUNJABI NAME MAY BE TODAY NAME.MAY IT BE CALLED INDUS LANGUAGE I CAN WRITE VOLUMES ON THIS AND EXPLAIN ITS CONSTRUCTION EVEN THAT OF LATIN ALPHABETS BUT I SHALL WRITE THE CODE AND EXPLAIN FEW WORDS AS EXAMPLES REST SHALL BE LEFT TO YOUR DESIRE WHAT AND HOW MUCH YOU PURSUE ON THE SUBJECT CODE IS ISS DUGGA BAAZ JUG WICH RUDD RUDD KE KUSS KUSS KE GUZZ GUZZ SUCK PAAO TAIYA SANNU YASH MILLU OYE THADD THALEY TE TAH DE KISSEE NU PATTA NA LUG JAYE RAHUL VERMA FROM THIS CODE STA ED THE JOURNEY OF CAUCASIANS ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND HERE IS MEANING OF THIS CODE In this dicey word put doubt in every pa icle mince them wrestle down let no body come to know.This gives substitution of alphabets ra for da sa for ka ga for ja la for ga tha of that for of date this is one of the next to death and atomic bomb secrets for humanity ha ha RAHUL do you get me ? CRAB srabee BACCARDI bassa radee hai acchaaaee in the end of words like tious tioussa pronounced yushous tio ussa yush millu SPAIN ussapa aiena BARCELONA needs no explaination pure Punjabi word bring from out side Acropolis aasropolis polis is soft land so city and asro is hope acroploice is city of hopes JACKSVILLE ville first is vaaeegali pronounced villa ve ethey laa de get me down here ha ha Rahul DO YOU GET ME . NANNEY BACCHEY WRITE ME MORE ON SATYAVICHAR101 for any more explanation .SUPPOSE YOU PUT GENERATORS TO LIGHT A LONG HIGH WAY PEOPLE WHO JOIN FROM SIDE WAYS ONLY SEE LIGHT ON THE BACK THE LAST VISIBLE SO GUESS THE LIGHT COMES FROM THERE SO ORIGIN FOR NOT MUCH WELL READ PEOPLE BUT TO SCHOLARS THEY KNOW ITS ORIGIN EXCHANGE OF WORDS IS WHEN SOCIETIES LIVE TOGETHER THEY EXCHANGE THEM Language itself is wonderful journey, settlement & resettlement of words thru history. A new lingolingual apa from Hinglish has also come into the market thru internet, social networking on my pa I am guilty of often manufacturing words, as in phrases, as also combining words that I am afraid surface from, er I guess, my academic deficiency with the language. . After lot of sarcasm over india. . .BBC is finally ready to find the positive sides. Thank you P Always have been following you.No matter what English is an INDOEuropean language for reason Indian English better than foreign English or native speakers English. We are proud that we can read and write English better than the Brits I bet 50 of the Brits only know how to speak English and not to read or write it. Shame on you BBC Go sell your English muffins somewhere else . Hindi has also included many English words in HINGLISH There are more than 300 words of Sharda Sanskrit in the Latin English language. Sharda script gets zero suppo from GOI. Most people think Devanagari is the script of old Sanskrit. 90 of all old text is written in Sharda script of Sanskrit language. Himalaya . we change everything . we made the multinationals cheap and made them to sell products in singles . we invented the shampoo and other pouches and other necessary things . india does teaches you if you want to Every country ,not only country but every individual accent of language differs. English as such was not any intellects language but an evolved language of nomadic tribe.so chill, English is first of all fatherless language. Be grateful for India evolving English and not English evolving India God gavf good face not to cover its big sin. Karan Misra I think youd like this. I especially like the Blighty pa of this icle at the end. Australian Friend why Indian English sounds funny? Me what say me again Australian Friend why Indian English sounds funny? Me Atleast when I ask some thing people wont ask me to say it again. And atleast our accent is more understandable I think you get it A conservation happened on last Friday in Germany Oxford English Dictionary my foot. Step into Cowford Indian Dictionary Current P Offer of The Month for Android Users BUT only for them who download FIRST time flipka app BUY ANY THING FREE ONE TIME WICH U NEED. THE CHOICE WILL BE 4000 RS. OR LESS THEN 4000 RS. 1. Install this FLIPKA App 2. Open App & Register With Email & Mobile 3. You will get Confirmation sms on your Registered Mobile Number 4. Use CONFIRMATION Code & Apply 100 Tested & Verified Above Link Redirect to Playstore & You Should Download App To get Benefit Offer Valid Form Above Link only Enjoy Android Tricks Indian english plus accent is best of indians . I Love Indian English .
But it seemed so frightening back then
Ever wonder what it like living in Singapore? How about Dubai? I stayed in Dubai from 1976 till 2015 As per my experience Dubai is best place to stay on ea Being Muslim country life is fully secure and exciting . Santhoshi Ram.
Why is the Yoga Day stressing India? It is not stressing India. Factually wrong story. who is the founder of yoga that giving stress to India BBC every time I notice things. 1 You are always trying to denigrate India for every possible reason VERY VERY BIASED. 2 often, from International residents know India better now, and they criticize for showing such biased picture and suppo India So, better get your act right neither is your target audience liking it nor the one on whom it is targeted on . U might belong to any religion but yoga is indian culture. If ur proud to be Indian make it pa of ur daily routine. I practice yoga and I am Indian but yoga day is too much. If somebody doesnt to practice yoga they should not be made to feel awkward for doing so. This all has hindutuva cannotations Though yoga is pa of physical exercise it is ingrained with Hindu worship method . Ce ain practices were kept within the Hindu traditions , now it is taught to all Today current Political Scenario in India & whole world is full of Stressful To ease the stress, Yoga is the better option to free live peaceful day to day introduction to yoga surely not stress. But to lead peaceful lives in all walks in Yoga is priceless . Yog not stressing india Sick Indian politician excluding some of of self claimed yog guru,s are stressing Yog . Please Dont Make YOGA Day on Sunday . As Christian Minority in India need to Go To CHURCH. These people never publish good story on India. Get life BBC. Harness the power of yoga and gain the 3fold Advantage of Fitness Freedom from Stress Happiness.Yoga is 5000 year old Indian body of knowledge One should try to learn about yoga before making any nonsense comments it will not waste time unfo unately terrorist minded person can never understood impo ance of yoga just because of negative attitude one should not compare yoga with religion BBCHatesIndia. Shameless BBC. for the last one year, all that covered about India was negative Bhadvo ka chaneel bbc fick off britishers ur rule time is over change ur view about india fool the english I think this repo er of bbc is in more tens,so this this repo er should practise yoga to stress free.dont post this type of funny,mind it. What if it wud have been on some Hindu festivals. None wud have complained this type of unnecessary things. Yoga for Health its cool But to become leader in it its out of equation . nothing is related between becoming Yoga world Leader and Decent YOGA. All are happy and there is no stress. We are looking forward for International Yoga Day U India hater dont come out with lies as news Yoga is for relaxing of stress. Not for stress Do yoga ur stress will perish BBC. BBC News suffering from Indiaphobia? ????. Keep reading the comments and soon youll figure out why is it stressing India
Whole story of the Philae lander. How did it feel to be pa of the Rosetta team as it touched down on comet?
A look at the midcentury motoring movement that blossomed in sunny southern California.
Gharials are always fully aware of what going on despite being completely submerged underwater. this is have seen it personally with sunny and mandar in chennai, crocodile park
Everything we choose to wear is an expression of who we are.
Mercury has craters with water ice.
Your smile goes looooong way back. Its pride for our kind isnt it Lotus Ammu. BBC making news when laugh and smile Charlie Sam Bennet C. No Lotus Ammu smile like as usual then only will come in bbc. Its shocking Lotus Ammu. You couldnt identify your own photo Loose. Its she. So its u.
He been to almost every geographic subdivision in every major country all 50 US states 27 regions of France 32 Chinese provinces 83 Russian political subdivisions 28 Indian states 23 Argentine provinces 16 German Lander 20 regions of Italy all 19 autonomous communities in Spain, and more. His travel companion his own pillow.
How to deal with caregiving emergency.
A crab that is feet meter long, and weighs as much as large human baby.
Wild goats with crazy climbing abilities. Lesson to the gutsless people this wild goat shows nothing is impossible . Ibex in GB Gilgit baltistan are hunted without mercy. Himalaya Archeology, linguistics and wild life conservation of South Asia ignores the no west Himalaya and extended areas. Himalaya .
The batmobile bus. Lovely look. Toronto Transit Commision . it Purpose is Failure . cool . designed by Stark Industries. lol
Top 10 seethrough animals. Beautiful butterfly .
The steep climb.
Mumbai local ale is finally paying off. Bengaluru sta ed this trend three and half years ago and there are nearly ten of them cooling the hea of Bengalureans as ever . Thanks Venu I was just about to say the same thing .
Dear sugar lovers
The impo ance of the Indian army operation in Myanmar. salute to the Indian Army for surgical strike . well on the side Myanmar denies ops inside its territory. NSCN K says Army assault UNSUBSTANTIATED as to boost the morale of the demoralised and frustrated soldiers deployed along the Indo Naga Myanmar border . Revolutionary People Front RPF refutes Army claim , says its camp attacked by 44 Assam Rifles near international border infinite Respect & umpteen salutes to the Indian Armed Forces Jaii Jawaan Jaii Hind 3. indian army is our pride salute them not only Indian Army along with IB had clear information about all these culprits,they have been living for long time,Myanmar,the active place for terrorist which is made by them Yes BBC, you got it right rationally analyzing there is little evidence of that operation, most probably India is lying about it, as they have done number of times in past Need full action I dont believe on indian media itz biased.
Aam Admi Pa AAP minister Jitender Singh Tomar repo ely holds fake law degree. When have empty brains, got to get fake degree to fool the citizens, what shame . Illiterate people are better than aap scamsters like this. Illiterate people are running india Thats why india is not on way to progress. It is game played by BJP to thwa corruption case.BJP is behind this sordid episode. india is not illetrate ,we are kind people Only with our kindness and peace some ruled us 200 years. If we are cruel how would you ?. now its time for Irani
One flower, 14 different looks. butiful flower.
Meet the Robin Hood plants. Its . here comes vampire Shishir Sinha.
Greenpeace says the Indian government restrictions are an attempt to silence criticism . India claims the group is stalling development projects . Greenpeace is trying to pressure India just because we are democracy and tolerant country. They kept quiet when China polluted the world for fear of being exterminated Anti India activities must be dealt with firm hands.Action of GOI is 100 valid Ban green peace freeze all their assets in India . AntiIndia forces like Greenpeace must be completely wiped off from this land Just move out India dont need you. Those morons who are opposing Greenpeace should understand that climate is global issue. It planetary issue not only country centric issue Good move. They should be denied entry else they might do something in India like what they did with Nazca lines Down with the dictatorship of Modi We dont want any NGOs from western countries we have our own NGOs who are capable of doing social work and we believe them. A blind man is not the judge of colours. Why are they afraid of Greenpeace?. I did not saw orgainizations like Greenpeace doing any type of social work in our local area. What I saw is that they are fighting against government of India who ever ruling there Money hoarding MNC.
Happiness how much does it cost? Top Gear answers the unanswerable. thish is the news???.
The group flying techfilled balloons to No Korea. BBC should stop posting negetiv Oh, wait P.
India and Bangladesh will now swap territories and residents can choose where to live. Please dont let any Bangladeshi to migrate in any pa of no eastern region for gaining political advantage NE is not dustbin it may increase terrorism activity in the region we no eastern are tired of fighting we also love to live life peacefully as pa of great India but we will not hesitate to pay anything for the sake of our motherland and for our people and for respect of our ancestors who attained ma yrdom for us its request to our Indian brothers please help us India lost the land. another turn by feku sarkaar. saal , feki anek in the end did what upa wanted. what government desh bech diya for adani and ambani. A historical agreement. Will bring Peace Stability and Prosperity in the region good step by Modi, needs same steps for Kashmir, Pakistan and India must free Kashmir for their better developments. Otherwise they will fight and gain fight till both countries will vanish. Well, here after no boundary problems with Bangala????. I dont care what they do as long as they keep out the immigrants and depo the illegals currently residing in the country. For folks who are feeling generous, put them up in your own state , NE is already fragile as it is Hey Friends Here Very Good News Get Unlimited 3G Net Pack Every Month For Months Free In Just Minuts. Thanks To 1552224025030214 . wow, that great NEWS That great news
Here are some really astounding job interview questions we gathered. Have you experienced anything similar?
For all its 12 cylinders of raging Italian bravura, the Lamborghini Aventador has been known more for preening in Monaco or Miami than for screaming around racetrack. Not anymore.
Where are diamonds from? BBC ,Your queen wear stolenplundered diamond. Stolen from nine year old Maharaja Dalip Singh. It is expected these meteroits with diamonds will fall on BBC headquaters Developed countries may invent means to catch them from far away So less finance will be used for war from league of legends _. deep under the ea due to lot of preshure dimond is formed.
The island of Fernando de Noronha, off the coast of Brazil, is teeming with deformed cururu toads. Almost half of them have malformed limbs, eyes, or mouthpa s.
A verdict has been made. VERY GOOD . MAGGI AND USA HAVE TO THINK AS INDIA BEING THE BIGGEST MARKET DUE TO POPULATION. SO WE DECIDE NOT YOU All brands of Nestle & other like companies must be thoroughly probed. Who knows we are actually consuming adulterated products harmful to health. India is really weak country in terms of stringent food regulations & consumers are easily exploited Big blow to the cosmopolitan Indian women all along thought pollution, cigarettes, liquor, unsafe drinking water, adultrated fruits vegetables, kills people. yup it was MAGGI. Next coke and Pepsi?. Great decision. And what they will do with it after?. I really dont know about off the shelves, it still sold in Gurgaon, people are buying it despite all this news Nestle should stop misleading the people of India. They are not withdrawing their harmful product Maggi by choice but being forced to do so. Press Release 5th June, 2015 from Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Govt of India The Food Safety & Standards Authority of India FSSAI , vide Order dated 5.6.2015, has directed the Nestle Company as follows Withdraw and recall all the approved variants of Maggi Instant Noodle from the market and stop fu her production, processing, impo , distribution and sale thereof. ii Comply with the labeling regulation and remove the label of No added MSG . iii Withdraw and recall the food product Maggi Oats Masala Noodles with Tastemaker and any other product for which risk assessment has not been unde aken and product approval granted. iv Take appropriate action to reasce ain the safety of its products in compliance of the obligation contained in Section 26 of the Food Safety Standards Act, 2006. See for yourself Attention friends if following codes are mentioned on food packs then you should know what you are unknowingly consuming. E 322 Beef E 422 Alcohol E 442 Alcohol & Chemical E 471 Beef & Alcohol E 476 Alcohol E 481 mixture of Beef and Pork E 627 Dangerous Chemical E 472 mixture of Beef, meat & Pork E 631 Oil extracted from Pig fats. Note you will find these codes mostly in products of foreign companies like Chips , Biscuits , Chewing Gums, Toffees, Kurkure and Maggi Dont ignore pay your kind attention atleast for the well being of your kids, if in doubt then search by yourself through your sources if not internet. Google Look at ingredient on Maggi pack, you will find flavor E635 . Also look for following codes on Google E100, E110, E120, E140, E141, E153, E210, E213, E214, E216, E234, E252, E270, E280, E325, E326, E327, E334, E335, E336, E337, E422, E430, E431, E432, E433, E434, E435, E436, E440, E470, E471, E472, E473, E474, E475, E476, E477, E478, E481, E482, E483, E491, E492, E493, E494, E495, E542, E570, E572, E631, E635, E904. Kindly forward it to your family and friends to spread awareness. Do get refund for the stash have at home?. I hope They will not repack and send same noodles in latest date packets wit just change of message no lead no MSG . Good. If you cant trust your food supplier, whom could you trust. Why can,t off pizza burger?.
That moment you say something that makes you look rather dumb and you sta getting odd looks from across the table Id add to that list using dumb to mean foolish
War machines for sale, if interested.
An ancient prescription for relaxation with deep roots from the Indian Ayurvedic practices.
New film py, is like kyfall in reverse and possibly the most significant feminist film of the year. welcomechange after watching the dumb Bond beat through villains like they are dominoes in Disneyland job.
What if we could stop everything to rest, reboot and refocus? She can not unplug all the connection. Some are deep rooted
How sperm keeps itself fresh. it good method. But how to keep.
Prope wars Where are the world best and worst housing markets? via BBC Capital
Meet the strongest whale in the world. via BBC Ea
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is set to make historic visit to Israel. What we gain to suppo gaza and palestine insteed of they didnt suppo kashmir of india No more free foreign policey for baggers state like palestine time for great india isreal patnership GREAT step by pm MODI P M koi ho Wat the matter of fact is First think abt ur country then take. Step. Fr next level Yahi log the jinhone haaye tauba machayi thi FDI ko leke Aur ab khud hi gungaan gaa rahe Yehi BJP hai jinhone computers world ko India me aane se roka tha Aur uska baad khud hi favour karne lage immaturity. Ki saari limits corss kar chuke hai Simriti irani ko HRD minister. Bana diya Ussey achha toh kappil Sibbal tha jo well educated and experienced the jo decisions liye apni samajh se liye he was not like robot like her Which has controlled By someone Sorry I read Historic Visit to India LOL. Modi is the best thing that has happened to india since independence Or is he going to address another election rally in the Indian pa of Israel?. I am personally looking forward to deepening ties with Israel, trusted ally & fu her cooperation in areas of defence, intelligence gathering, reconnaissance, & Israel expe ise in drip irrigation, with hitech technologies originating from leading Israeli expe and institutions Excellent decision. God bless Indo Israeli friendship Too late we knew it before BJP came in power.That they are in collaboration with and are sponsored by Israel.At no U turn on this policy I am sure he will not gain any thing from Israel I fondly remember when Modiji gave lecture in Israel Tel Aviv in May 2006. I was also apa of Indian delegation. During holocaust, the saffron band were ardent fans of HITLER Now ardent fans of Israle no matter what their ideal, always stand by the perpetrators charlines. His visit must be more fruitful in securing our country the people
Sooooooo there might be some truth to that film Interstellar? Its not the Object that warps the space time. Its the space time curvature that accumulates the mass mass accumulated energy becoming an object in that area . There is lot of truth to interstellar. You people are just too intellectually challenged to have seen through the multiple layers of science and fact. Scientists carried Science to may be about of maximum level. May be true???. well presented. brilliant Amanda Gefter . the gravity is so strong in the black hole that if man falls into it can never come back
The Patna High Cou , located in one of India poorest states, deals with thousands of cases every year. Photographer Prashant Panjiar offers rare glimpse of its workings. will take it as compliment job in spite of all odds . The Cou became 100 years old. 25 years ago, all cou in the world looked like this really rare pictures. respect for photographer prashant panjiar did they show any money changing hands?. Yes Bihar is the most poorest state of India Great the proud of India and us. Shivam Singh. Niharika Hema Raj was telling you about something like this .
They say that life begins at 40, or that 60 is the new 50 but what the truth? What the best age to be? All ages are best to live in, unless you have done any wrong or fruitless
Presenting the vintage candidates for EV conversion.
Ejector seats save lives.
Why are millions of homes lying empty in India when the country is facing housing sho age? everyone cant afford to buy house, duh. Have you looked at the prices ? Unreal Heavy black money invested along with lot of mafia and corruption hike,leading to abnormally priced flats which an everage tax payer indian citizen can hardly afford Indians are poor, except corrupt politicians , bureaucrats and other looters of the nation. One pa offered for poor with subsidy homes but pa lost ellections . New pa offered homes for poor free of cost any pa will give homes with public money only Suit boot loot jhoot Modi sarkar govt is nothing but propaganda sarkar the pathetic state of our economy inspite of fav global conditions, speaks volume about Modi incompetence incapability to make his so called magical wand to work wonders As CM he destroyed Gujarat economy but with the help of paid media power created fake hype abt his so called Gujarat model to fool Indian voters The economy has come to halt Because of the real estate MAFIA. Which grew during Congress rule. Getting land for 30 lakh from farmer and selling to buyer at 2.5 crore per acre. Irony wasis this was made legal by passing bill in parliament that builders can buy directly from farmer and upper limit set by govt. Inbetween they gave money to vadra and others Why does BBC is always after India. If it has any guts it should take up America and rich nation and tell the world how much of the world wealth they are keeping to themselves and not sharing with the rest of the poor of the world. Do they have any title deed signed by God giving all that to them remove this if it pinches you Emm Chronic Capitalism offcourse what else Flawed banks who wont give housing loans to the needy.Corrupted bank managers who demand bribe for loan approval Because they are all haunted. because of the unreal prope rates investing in blackmoney and benami holdings Jessica butler please get this in your mind that the money America gives to corrupt government is only small pa that America takes from their country in selling arms to them and sta ing wars which kills thousands of people and doing atrocity to the poor people. If America gets out of trading arms and stop fueling wars you people will be back in the pre second world war period when America was nobody Leader Mafia black money involved there only exchange black to white money n not to stay there hence vacant Come to vancouver and you can know how cheap is bombay. Every1 cant buy sprawling apa ment in big cities p. mostly lack of money with people is the reason for this. The Earn Talktime app gives you free recharges for downloading new apps. Now sta earning Unlimited Talktime daily. Special Bonus Register today & win up to Rs.1,000 when you download your first app. Click nothing is free in free market . Parking place for black money. Need very high tax on ppl buying 2nd 3rd fou houses, esp if not occupied BBC its not surprising in India , its happen only in India
Ocean water was not always on Ea h.
How to deal with toxic characters at work. no dont agree evils are always evil. Good One As Am still Struggling With This Kind Of Situation. But trying to cope with
Good news for the frequent flyers
Huge new rodent discovered on the Caribbean island Hispaniola. via BBC Ea
Coffee or tea? Philosopher David Berman explores the values of introspection and why coffee and tea drinkers are fundamentally different people. via BBC Future
Author Jon Ronson speaks to Lindsey Stone years after she had been publicly shamed on the internet for joke that came out badly. She shouldnt be.
Six months after two sisters made headlines when video showing them fight three alleged molesters on bus went viral, there remain many unanswered questions. BBC Hindi Divya Arya investigates. Why both of these are not arrested yet ? Gender biased law. GIRLS manipulated & misused laws & societies sympathy for granted all should use their courage for Good work. IAmProudToBeBornInIndiaBefore2014.
Astronomers have discovered as many as hundreds of billions of planets that populate the Milky Way galaxy. The solar system, we now know, is far from alone. via BBC Ea A wo watching video
Perhaps it was crazy idea, but sometimes you need these crazy ideas. BBC Future brings you Rosetta The whole story
The notion of carfree planet may not be as farfetched as it sounds. All over the world, governments and biking enthusiasts are looking for ways to make urban environments more friendly toward pedalpushers. Here are BBC Autos favourites. that bicycle 3. Tejas Harsh Chirayu Maitry . Tarandeep Singh Bilkhu might be inteested .
For the first time, the man that stops the monsters is coming to India this Friday To the Doctor Who fans this one is for you. Maria Rose Duric Doctor Who Indija hehehe.
Check out live updates from BBC Culture at the Cannes Film Festival including snaps of the gorgeous Katrina Kaif, BritishIndian film actress and model. BBCatCannes Cannes2015
Three recent rulings involving the rich and famous are an indictment of India ailing criminaljustice system, writes Soutik Biswas. Dawood would also like to come to India to face early and fair trial in Indian cou after Salman Khan and Amma Jayalalitha cases verdicts It travesty of justice . The law is not for the rich and influential people in India. The politicians and the celebrities do not get punished by laws of India. They get bail immediately if they ever get caught and trial goes on til they are acquitted. Politicians can steal any amount of public money and get away with it. This is the legal system of India may it be congress government or BJP why BBC heads ach always abt India ? Does it ach the same abt Pakistan ? Go there and find some news for us There many politicains crorepatis with unknown sources of income so Jayalalita case is not bad justice. Good justice should come for one all for Congress BJP and All politicians everybody why target jayalalita.As regards Salman Bail is right . But loss of human life should have been considered for relief to the berieved family. Salman may be culprit or not. But the right to fight an apeal is foremost and therefore bail ought to be given. Salman may have got this benefit. Morever innoncent should not be punished for rejecting bail . CRPC Indian Penal Code and seperate investigation cell of police depa ment these laws need to be changed in view of the present situation Money talks people works. Its shame. Well that bitter fact 100 with your Soutik Biiswas, we had some hopes with AAP, expected to bring drastic changes in the System, unfo unately due to their internal politics our hopes are dese ed . Shamefull. For once I totally agree with BBC No innocent to be punished even 1000 culprits escape It is Indian Judiciary Let the process to finish Money speaks, talks and act Right but law of natural justice will remain in its place. become more trust on money . Very true. All these past years of good work undone in matter of week . This mockery of justice is seen everywhere. That why Obama, Bush and others are facing no trials. This is everywhere its INDIA, EVERYTHING IS PURCHASABLE HERE one of those days when you are not proud of being born in this great country . Really That all just days
There surprisingly simple bug that afflicts computers and as Chris Baraniuk discovers, it has led to explosions, missing space probes and more.
Akash Mukherjee of Kolkata had saved more than 3,500 rupees for buying gift for his parents and getting new football for himself, but changed his plans after watching the plight of the quake survivors on TV. still Nepalese feel we are nothing more than show off koi nai love us or hate us well pray for you people and will do whatever we can to help you ovrcome this situation peace India. See the greatness, he choose BBC media to donate not the PM relief fund. these are stunts only nothing else???????? Be indian and be proud to associate with INDIAN things cherishing his gesture hope that the nepalese will realise the attempts taken by the indians. Congratulations Bengal Tiger joy ho may god bless you. Child knws da humanity dn dont elders. is it news if charity is to to made thn to telecaste it gd way to popular. if only we had more people like him. kalyan ramu we are proud of ur suppo and help but the are few nepalis who born in hindu and again change the religion and try to make majority. A comendable gesture of youngster and an example for others. These are the rays of Hope Guess what I have in my piggy bank DEEZ NUTS . while the christian missionaries send gideon bibles JAI HO
Alien life throughout the solar system not just Mars is real possibility. When they visit us with their arm forces P. Well we All humans in this PlanetEA H are children of ALIEN Couple Ya life is not present only on ea h. Somewhere it is at begining stage, somewhere it is advanced stage. We are exactly at the midle stage. So we are not able to find out other life. As we and our technology get advanced we are find out life other than ea Soon HoldTight. . May be we found them but we didnt recognize People with inhuman attitudes all looks alike . Alien life found in britain. They are called cockneys I just hope we find the aliens before they find us. After all Avataar was better than Independence Day In USA AFTER YEARS.
May is just around the corner and these are some of the films wo a trip to the cinema via BBC Culture Max fury and spy.
Footage has emerged from climbers on Mount Everest, showing the moment an avalanche hu led towards them when Saturday ea hquake struck in Nepal. Fantastic footage & pic Im Deepika 24 Years Old Me New Friends Bnana chahti hu Jo Mujhse Friendship krna chahta hai mujhe Like Kro or Inbox aao Chat e hai 3.
It is only human to want to be right, thus seeing the world in the lenses that suppo their point of view. Fret not, there are ways to fight our own datablindness. Yes you are right, but if we do not consider all this we wont be able to do any thing, little doubt can tumble tall buildings, if we humans were not able to convince our self 50 of this world would have died before time.
The strange causes and consequences of pa ial or total loss of memory.
It not all about education, experience, IQ and gender. Personality is also connected to productivity and wage differences. via Qua Bhoore yadav moth 9793662223. 9793662223.
William Shakespeare is widely considered to be the greatest dramatist of all time. To commemorate his bi hday believed to be April 23 1564 BBC Culture asked readers to share their favourite quotes. Tell us yours Et tu, Brute? always Sweets are the users of adversity as like it. To be or not to be . Truly the greatest dramatist . Et tu brute is my one of the many favorite lines. Love not time fool O , be some other name What in name ? That which we call rose By any other name would smell as sweet . Let me not to the marriage of true minds. Admit impediments. Love is not love. Which alters when it alteration finds Really great dramatic person It really great one. The evils that men do live after them but the good is often buried with their bones 3. Lowliness is youngs ambitions ladder There is tide in the affairs of men,which taken at the flood,leads on to fo une Cowards die many times before their deat,valiant never taste death but once Life but walking shadow, poor player That struts and frets his hour upon the stage And then is heard no more. It is tale Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury Signifying nothing. Macbeth. even the devil can quote scripture when it suits his purpose Merchant of Venice If music be the food of love, play on Twelfth Night. Speach of Mark Anthony in Julius Ceaser funeral. Let be. Hamlet actually each and every word of Shak can be traced to earlier writers, some folio, qua plagiarism was not known as term back then. A witty fool is better than foolish wit People of the colonial orgin are more influenced by Shakespeare then the English themselves What in name?. All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand. Life is but walking shadow All that glitters is not gold Brevity is the soul of wit
How to prepare for your child when youre 40 years old or older .
How to think more effectively whatever our intelligence to be little less stupid.
The Chambal River is the last remaining perfect habitat for the gharial, says conservationist Romulus Whitaker. Watch as some of them make an appearance on camera. via BBC Ea Thanks for making the video . A small correction needed Religious rituals do not pollute the river. All the offerings of rituals in to the river are all ORGANIC which will decompose.This is happening from centuries. The main cause of pollution is Plastic NON ORGANIC disposed in to the river. Even 5th grade kid knows this. I am wondering how BBC India is unaware of this fact
Help BBC Ea win Best Science Website in The Webby Awards
What happens when you crossbreed an Audi R8 with 1970s rearwheeldrive Skoda? Car lovers, meet the R200 NonFiction. via BBC Autos
A tattoo school in the hea of Bangkok has opened its doors to travellers eager to learn the ancient, sacred of Thai tattoos.
A cou in India will give its verdict on May in 2002 hitandrun incident in which Bollywood star Salman Khan is accused of running over five men sleeping on pavement, killing one of them. No mercy for such ppl he should be sent to prison for the crime he has commited. Its time to sta new trend to show BBC that we dont like it. IHateBBC. hit and catch think this is A Disqualified Case bcos it took many Years . Jail is conformed. The decision will tell lot about our judiciary may he get some relaxation. Even Nice people have to face HARD times.No one is spared What award Oscar or the golden rope .
Indian anticorruption pa AAP has expelled two of its founder members after feuding and infighting following its victory in Delhi state election. Yogendra and Bhushan have disappointed their Suppo er and Media We cant find the reason and logic to carry war against of their own pa y, Aam Aadmi Pa y, by Mr. Yogendra Yadav and Mr. Prashant Bhushan for continuous period, which prolonged more than month time. Conspiracy, against the pa and expecting plump post in the pa y, cannot go together. It has to be drawn first, about your priorities, whether you want your pa to get expanded, in the different states of the country or you want to make grip over the pa y, through your negative thought of your mind. It was wisdom of the AAP that, even knowing of the fact, that the duo leaders are doing conspiring activities, which was hu ing the image of the pa y, that too during the time of Delhi assembly election , the AAP did not resist them, during election time. While the senior leader, like Mr. Shanti Bhushan came out with his statement, during the time of election, before the News Channels, that Mr. Arvind Kejriwal face, as Chief Minister, was more inferior to the CM candidate of the Congress and the BJP. His word went loud to say that he is not keeping good wishes for the pa y, unfo unately, Mr. Yadav and Mr. Bhushan did not oppose his statement tooth and nail, as they are being found against Mr. Kejriwal, during the last one month. In spite of giving bad name to the pa y, the duo went fu her to tarnish the image of the pa y, by announcing to hold so called Swaraj Sambad, which was held yesterday. The entire event of Swaraj Sambad goes on bashing the Chief Minister, Mr. Kejriwal. The last moment ditch by the AVAM has put the wish and will to form new pa y, in back burner. Now Yogendra Yadav have changed their tune, by saying that they shall not leave the pa y, but will remain in the pa to put the pa on the dock, now and then, whenever they wish. However, the duo leaders have badly disappointed the PrestituteNewsChannels, who has worked hard, since more than month to give them good amount of coverage, in their channels. Media were expecting to give some Breaking News to their viewer about the split of the pa y, which did not happen due to lack of courage, among the duo Shame on you BBC , Indian anticorruption pa AAP . LOL ur basic knowledge is so poor . Dont have truth Indian anti corruption pa AAP ha ha ha shame on BBC BBC itself is corrupted. Kehte hain na chor chor mausre bhai . The rise of AAP is the most fatal thing in Indian recent politics.
BBC Future investigates the surprisingly common exploding head syndrome. Subash Chellaiah.
Can you guess what these weird and wonderful things are? Deep sea fish
Papers in India say US President Barack Obama has written warm profile of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for Time magazine. think bbc need burnol p. Get lost Obama. Dont look at India for your business plans India ,US friendship will only bring disaster and what is that warm profile from lame duck President about megalomaniac paper in india wat does it mean or showing disrespect to indian paper. Well, he wont be in power post November So well see how the relations span out. . Now he want our pm that he say like that,before no visa it is in times read if ur not illiterate. Good Leaders can do lot of good things for the Man kind good introduction my name is danger so obama and modi treaty will burn all informations becouse have power that can cacel evrythin that need. just waste of time. .
Sleep is potentially critical factor in human evolution. A unique sleeping style may have played fundamental role in the evolution of great apes, including humans. Mr . Fabio U absolutely right . Darwinism lived it years we need to move beyond it now & need to accept only human progensis for humans Before the Big Bang there were atoms and some cells, ie with shock atoms big bang is mistake to say that the origin of man is the monkey, since there are still monkeys. The evolution of cells gave rise to various creatures on planet ea our planet formed with the big bang of them the ancestor of man. Ubersetzer Fabio Silva
Exercise and training dont need to eat up too much time or burn your back pocket. Here are some costeffective tips to get active at the convenience of your own home.
Time to get moove on this cow had some feedback for our repo er in Mumbai Catch the BBC India Business Repo on Sunday 0530GMT and 1630GMT Do you have nothing serious and sensible to repo or you just provokate people by hu ing their religious beliefs unliking your stupid page right now. Everyone, for unbiased news and reviews, switch to Al Jazeera English I dont believe this BBC page . F off with your pesstitution. According to the BBC in the line of Winston Churchill it was great favor the British were doing in ruling the people of India and they should have continued doing so for the sake of humanity Simon Proulx.
India huge tea estates traditionally provide for all their workers needs but what happens when they close? Tea is India Pride and We are Proud of it .
Rubber tree roots were guided in hollow canes of Areca nut palm to meet halfway across the stream. The roots were tended to and patiently nu ured for years until they slowly reached the opposite bank, forming the skeleton that eventually grew into bridge capable of carrying human weight. This information. Was published earlier. Too.
It not over for the printed word new book exploring the 21stCentury revolution in libraries finds surprising ways in which books are being shared. via BBC Culture
In 1975 the Indian government launched the Crocodile Project to protect the Mugger, Gharial and Saltwater crocodiles. Find out how much food Muggers consume in month. am the only one who finds crocs cute ?. Falling into it would be nightmare . tonne for 400 Seems fair and highly efficiency to me feed them vegetable. todays human being eating mugar food so we should give human to mugar Waw great. wat is it joke ? or satire ? its not much of consumption per month400 crocs crocs the slippers . p. nxt season of KHATRON K KHILADI. I hate crocodiles 400 mugger eats 400 kilos thrice month so is it each mugger eats just 3kg meat month poor muggers . Nikhil Chowdary.
A private tour operator plans to lay on daily bus trips to the town where PM Narendra Modi was born and worked at his father tea stall. I would to invite BBC India to look into disgust spread by Deepika video in the name of women empowerment. Show the country, what really is women empowerment Indian Navy,the third largest is doing its best now,which they failed in Mumbai attack as well as on the Indian ocean in protecting fishermen of TN Kindly instead of negative propoganda BBC should repo on how Indian navy is evacuating people in Yemen. 23 nations including Ireland, us and France have asked for help. BLOCK Health Me Up.
India has begun monitoring air quality in ten cities in an effo to fight some of the world worst urban pollution. The BBC Sanjoy Majumder repo from Delhi. Probe Texture Thyme in Vasant Kunj , New Delhi. Repo edly the operants have flown to Australia as told in March this year but the address needs to be verified H.No.3086, Sector A, Pocket B Vasant Kunj, Delhi 1100070, phone no. 01126125944. May be they are evading taxes or are involved in undisclosed activities yes it is Glad to know that people are taking interest Most of our cities are polluted,that is true.Then why blame British for our failure Not only polluted , worst in crimes too. Mind it there are three pa of water but only one pa of land where we live but polluted the whole world . Because of AAP. Aam Aadmi Pa Do you even know this fact? Learn and do something .
Red is meant to inflame our passions while blue keeps us calm but do colours really influence our behaviour? via BBC Future Hahahahah firstcomment lol BBC. of course they do like white surrender xD
Officials in Varanasi are struggling to stop monkeys from eating the fibreoptic cables, an unlikely roadblock in the development of internet services in the city. JUSTICEFORSREESANTH We will Fight For Him Unitl Get the Justice . In Kerala dogs are protected. Stray dogs, mad dogs, parade the streets Dont touch there forests which there home We share the planet with every single living being so we have to find way for both fiberoptical cables and monkeys to coexist without harming the monkeys. Humans arent monsters to live alone Rather regressive simians I say . Modi eating Indian poor so if monkey.eat fiber optics maybe they learn from modi because modi represents Varanasi. put the cables underground. justice is denied for indian citizen who played worldcup for indian cricket team.Medias kindly open your eyes against this injustice.It is gone beyond of the bounds.Sc is postponding his case due to lack of evidence. justiceforsreesanth. Justice Delayed Is Justice Denied justiceforsreesanth saveoursree lets join hands together to serve justice oh you cant hu the monkeys SaveSreesanth We want JusticeforSreesanth Everyone stamped him as liar and traitor. But the honourable Supreme cou has now asked on what basis Sreesanth was arrested??? It means the Supreme cou has not seen any evidence against Sreesanth during the course of trials. It is our duty to stand with Sreesanth. Media has not noticed the words from Supreme Cou and it is we people who should make it noticed. This is InjusticeToSreesanth From June 2013, the Supreme Cou and Patiala Cou have been asking Delhi Police on what evidence was Terrorism act MCOCA imposed on Sreesanth. After so many hearings, the Cou has asked the same question for which they have no answer. Why is justice being delayed and to protect whom ?? We want JusticeForSreesanth SaveSreesanth. So much monkey business . justiceforsreesanth. Reveal names of players mentioned on MUDGILL REPO Ban fixing kings CSK from IPL JusticeForSreesanth. JusticeforSreesanth. . Treat them like cows . are monkeys greater than our homeland. Hehe ya its serious problem. justiceforsreesanth. Humans were an accident
Some of India richest businessmen have appointed their wives as company directors to comply with new law. Its Family Business so why not and whats the harm anyways What else do you expect? Will undeserving people be promoted to the board just because of their gender? Rather have dummy instead of not promoting merit It is wives right according new law not bad . JusticeForSreesanth The wait for justice is disgusting, it has reached to such point that judiciary is deliberately delaying justice to man who has gone through lot over the last years. Its shattering to see the big fish players and officals who did all the di doings live around us freely. For yrs, Delhi Police are yet to find any crucial evidence directly linking him to fixing. April 14th will be another joke of hearing PrayForJustice InjusticeToSreesanth. What farse and disrespect for the spirit of the law. Sheer ogance. Boycott reliance products. JusticeForSreesanth. JusticeForSreesanth NationWantsToKnow Justice delayed is justice denied. For close to yrs, the judiciary has been delaying justice to Sreesanth. Delhi Police are yet to find any evidence as to why was Terrorism act MCOCA imposed on Sreesanth and also failed to provide evidence of his involvement in fixing. How long do we need to wait for justice? The wait is disgusting JusticeforSreesanth. A justice is denied for indian citizen who played worldcup for indian cricket team.Medias kindly open your eyes against this injustice.It is gone beyond of the bounds.Sc is postponding his case due to lack of evidence. Justiceforsreesanth. JusticeForSreesanth. A justice is denied for indian citizen who played worldcup for indian cricket team.Medias kindly open your eyes against this injustice.It is gone beyond of the bounds.Sc is postponding his case due to lack of evidence. justiceforsreesanth. rich people justiceforsreesanth. establish new industries and provide jobs to unemployed people. Check what the Delhi police have in evidence justiceforsreesanth. justiceforsreesanth. Women director us 149 of companies act 2013. Next news please. justice is denied for indian citizen who played worldcup for indian cricket team.Medias kindly open your eyes against this injustice.It is gone beyond of the bounds.Sc is postponding his case due to lack of evidence. justiceforsreesanth. ? family business over all Good Decision. justiceforsreenth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth . justiceforsreesanth.
This is what it takes to feed giant crocodile. What does it take to save them? its gharial not crocodile, had seen enough on nat geo. it garial only exists in India,not croc. yes the ones that live in ganges guess. JusticeforSreesanth. The gharials, right ?. aligators not crocs. Love the comments calling this ugly creature an Alligator. Stupid MFers . justiceforsreenth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth . Its Gharial, They eat only fish.
The upsta anticorruption pa is roiled by feud and dissension and looks headed for split, writes Soutik Biswas. I think Kejrival can still retain comfo able majority. Media trying to make mountain out of molehill Anticorruption pa has become corruption pa lolz. your govt is too corrupt justiceforsreenth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth .
Where do nuclear submarines go to die? via BBC Future first ask america they are responsible for that bcz they the crazy inventer. They dont die they are refueled and upgraded. They can be sinked in ocean itsef. We are digging grave yards for our future generations . justiceforsreenth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth sreesanth . In Russia there is an po on the ic where all the Russian sub nukes too dismanteld Read about it long back when Russian glasnost times
Test Match Special expe have selected their team of the tournament. Take look at the final XI. Great player rightselction .
Two crew members are missing after an Indian navy plane crashed into the sea off the western state of Goa. Hi Bbc do have any good news about india Might Be The Training is of Poor Quality or The Spare Pa inside it, God Bless Them and Their Families Let hope for the best and they survive this IAF TAKE CARE OUR SOLDIERS AND JETS.
Watch this baby gharial strike cameraman. Anyone else see the HashHole on the brown shi at 47? D. Amar Veer Madas Prathyek Nagavelli Surakshith Boda Ananya Veer Too Close to Comfo .
Life on Ea will surely be wiped out eventually. But how long does it have, and what will it take to sterilise the entire planet? via BBC Ea Dear BBC, We are for waiting documentary Son of Great Britain Jihadi Jhon who is famousing Great Britain world wide by murdering the innocent people. This is great achievement of Great Britain. You should be proud on Jihadi Jhon . He is the real mirror of Britishers. BBC should glorify him. We are waiting for documentary. You may choose the title The Great Son of Britain Jhiadi Jhon wont be surprised if bbc is wiped out before that Animals probably will be gone new genetically evolved animals will be born Humans as well evolve . alongwith life the BBC will also wiped off Billions of years. Yup Only 50006000 years are left. So pack up your baggage and Say good bye . life on ea maybe wiped out but think we have bigger problems to worry out. Well be lucky if we last another 500 years. this is what Islam told 1435 years ago I wonder why humans becoming cause of mass extinction I think that is the real cause not included . 2700 years More more we to ure animals and the more we destroy wild life and nature the sooner the wiping happens. Wild animals at circus is the worst man can do If wiped out it will take new life. Cycling is natures game, nothing is forever it changes to something new I dont know why foolish people connect it with god that Islam said this Islam said that . This all just natures game and Thousands of years is just second for ea lol. Hope human will reach the technology to travel in other planents in search for good place to live like ea . It will be possible human are sma that why we are we are commenting in this post. Is it becoming unbearable ? Mankind has survived famines & natural disasters. Even now I struggle to get regular drinking water supply but that doesnt mean the world is over Islam said Everything on ea will be thrown out,Hills will blown like cotton pa icles,Sun will come closer to ea h,Ea will rotate in opposite directions,mankind,vegetation and water disappear from ea Mars is future of ea h,We should not misuse natural resources and should not do anything against to the nature Then ther is chance to live longer ea life All bogus worries are spread by western countries scientists systematically They dont have deep faith in God,who is creator of universe and is capable to take care do not spread panic Geologically Timeless . Astronomically Approx 23000 Yrs. Climatologically 18000 Yrs. Biologically 150,000 Yrs. as soon as the universe stirs and the great lotus dream sta again. THIS EA H will NEVER DIE, The LIFE will go ON, but Now Ea is burning Process ???? Take another few thousand years COOLING Process ???? This EA H LIVING CYCLE will GO ON ???? NATURE and GOD will take care $$$$$$$$$$$$. this is what Islam told 1435 years ago
The Supreme Cou has struck down controversial law which allowed police to arrest people for comments on social networks and other internet sites. This was very much required This kind of censorship is too personal. And anyways each post, comment, photo has repo mark as spamhide option. People should use this. It available to every facebook user The apex cou has announced landmark decision Now ego of politician goes down. supreme cou protects our freedom The previous UPA government had itself to blame for the damm squib over Section 66A of the Information Technology Act. How can society be called democratic if it were to criminalise & vet opinions,. there is nothing wrong in this.this is need otherwise some people are using too much of vulgar words while they are commenting on someone so beaware when you are going to comment anyone Thank you supreme Cou . Justice has meaning in India and it sounds really good for people. Respect. Finally something us not corrupt in our system and takes some sensefull decisions Proud at this order. This will, as we say in Australia, keep the bas $ & honest . Good bcoz it was violation of the right to speech. what happen to freedom of speech. Dear BBC, We are for waiting documentary Son of Great Britain Jihadi Jhon who is famousing Great Britain world wide by murdering the innocent people. This is great achievement of Great Britain. You should be proud on Jihadi Jhon . He is the real mirror of Britishers. BBC should glorify him. We are waiting for documentary. You may choose the title The Great Son of Britain Jhiadi Jhon
Rare photographs chronicle the lives of Indian soldiers during World War One. britain wont have won without brave indian soldiers World war , few island nations sta fighting and called it world war. And what u expect us do? Feel proud for our own fighting some1 else war?. colonial slaves used twice. it shame Britain couldnt fight war on its own. puny power . Finally. I once told the same BBC to commemorate Indian soldiers died during world wars. I dont know if you remember that. But thanks BBC. Youre appreciated. Love from India. Royal Indian army was really forgotten army. Hope this reminds the world if our sacrifices. . There is memorial where I live dedicated to such soldiers their name plaques are faded and gone There is Indian army in First World War??? amazing . Poor fellows, fought for the foxy British If there were not indian people in infantry, britishers were slaves of another countries. Do hv any pic of Bhagat Singh the one that ruined the life of you british
Volcanoes are immo alised in many ancient myths but it seems there could actually be some truth behind these farfetched stories. via BBC Ea Mythology is in fact is history, there is different interpretation of it as per the knowledge of person or societies how much has been lost?.
Follow our live coverage as India sta well against Bangladesh in the second World Cup qua erfinal in Melbourne. This is last time happy for this world cub in Bangladesh today ur team death day da.
A female college student pointed question to the head of the International Monetary Fund has inspired memes and exposed the country political divisions. BBC you got it wrong again Firstly she is not college student , she is employee NDTV . Secondly she posed as girl from muslim community, but truth is she is Hindu. This was effo to malign the image of our country by our own so called Indian media. This clearly shows that even after 60 years of our independence, you can easily rule us And our country will always have traitors to help you in this regard she is not collage student dear she is repo er from NDTV and asking question by fake name entry Looks like BBC is out of Form these days.Just like the ENGLAND cricket TEAM P. BBC is losing its class. BBCNDTV Fodder supply guaranteed for all internet memes . NDTV is simply another traitors BBC India , you are crafty master for stirring disputes to malign the Image of India . That buffoon lady was impersonating herself as Humaira Khan but actually she is Hindu and employee of NDTV in another interview she asked Indian captain dhoni is ur sixes are for indians or for hindhu males only ???? P P. Definitely staged by ndtv. Seems like BBC is out to carry out the agenda that the East India Company tried to centuries ago And the Indian media is out to help them do just that by posing fake representatives as students . if some one ask most ridiculous question what do expect ppl to do Dont debate based on ur biased opinion Debate objectively first analyze the programs and schemes available for minorities before making such comments Inda have been tolerant for 10000 of years This is propaganda spread by channels like you pa nered with NDTV Have not seen one good debate on good work done by the govt for all sections this lies have been exposed completely We know this channel head is involved with money laundering scam which govt is going to investigate in coming days the spoilspo finding nothing else to say, they called her antiHindu. If r so wise in spotting antiHindus , please answer her question. tell us u think that every1 will benefit from the present govt schemes. And I am Hindu, and I stand by her right to question. Go girl question some more. That was brazen effro to defame the govt in front of the IMF chief. The question was stupid to say the least and shows the narrow and hate filled mindset of those against this govt. Criticism is fine but this is not cricitism. This is an attempt to humiliate the govt and show it in bad light. They wouldnt mind even if the question is stupid. And that the BBC is prejudiced against this govt is well known. Therefore will put up anything that is against this givt stupid or not. Ours is Hindusthan and what is the Big Deal in Hindus getting benefited And for God sake dont try to teach about hypothetical word called secular . Even if she did ask, on what basis is she asking? She is one stupid girl. Leave her alone . NOT student. AN EMPLOYEE OF THE PAIDPSEUDO SECULAR MEDIA NDTV. Why is it so hard to understand that without inclusive growth there is no growth. she not college students she an employee with NDTV 24 she was planted by the NDTV themselves this was another attempt by NDTV to malign India image that here communal divide I myself have many friends from different communities its way to keep us fighting keep our minds away from the core issues. she deserved to be trolled so does that fake news channel she works for This NDTV incident has created wrong impression on India and has deeply Offended all Indians.Did not expect this from NDTV We need to give these feminists the Khomeini treatment soon or else India will fall apa . Just another feminist agent funded by some anti national agency she is neither college student nor muslim She is stupid and an adarsh liberal .
It has taken four weeks, but the Cricket World Cup has finally whittled 14 teams down to eight and is poised for the knockout stage. The wnner will be one and only INDIA. See people from other religions They even dont want India to lift world cup. Of course , the great India. Ofcourse one and only my india. India win the Cricket World Cup. INDIAN TIGERS INDIA . India Only. Of course. . India.
The BJPled government has denied allegations by the main opposition Congress pa that it snooped on its vicepresident Rahul Gandhi. In the political arena everyone snoops It pa and parcel of politics get over it India has bigger problems to solve Love you and care for you Mr. RAHUL GANDHI what ever you do , do the right thing for you Take care. GOD BLESS. Snooping On Pappu??? Oo Comon D. What is there to snoop, he is empty whistle. what would BJP get by snooping on mr pappu gandhi?? he nothing but hollow content congress has habit to see political vendetta in everything as they used to do it in their tenure rubish . every person freedom to enjoy himself so request bjp led gov.dont interfair of his life. New Film by Arnab Goswami Amul Baby Returns. Silly congressmen ,no money from currupt sources are becoming sick in mind and body. why would BJP do that??. A little confusion over the word nooping as it has different shades of meaning What there to get from Rahul.
Thousands of people are expected to join silent procession in protest against the rape of an elderly nun in the Indian state of West Bengal. we the people of bengal strongly protest this horrific act, hope govt of west bengal will bring those bustard under justice We respect the Bangalis women workers in Mauritius. You are horrible Bangladeshi people. Shame to be called muslims If there is God he should punish those ppl who did cheapest deed with the woman who scarified her whole lfy for God. Plzzzzz God show ur justice. The GOvt remains SILENT of ATTACKS on MINORITY.India is SHIFTING from democracy to DEMO CRAZY I am with you in prayer and in thoughts. Im sorry I cant walk with you all. May God protect you all and fill you with courage Hw immoral is that what so of animals these By lighting candle why protest? If you really want to protest strike like the lightning. Horrible how does anyone react to such acts how far will humanity go to disrupt peace god help us Sarabjit Ur dad did this AH. Criminals should be strictly punished. I can feel her sorrow we are really living in so called ea where only inhumanity happens . want strict action take by gov to stop such unaccepteble event not done again. most of these type of crimes are done by persons related with hindu fascist organisations like rss,bajrang dal,shiv sena,vish hindu parishad , , , Hindu people worship shiv ling resting in parbati yoni they wash with milk and take it parsad , , , , how cheap , , , ,. If its is happened in BJP ruled states just imagine.
Follow our live coverage as Ireland make 259 against India in Pool B, seeking to book their place in the World Cup qua erfinals. show the live and exclusive coverage of England being knocked out of World cup p. Nirbhaya friend, who was with her on the fateful night, calls India Daughter fake film I am going to watch india batting. Dhoni is LIVING LEGEND.this world cup is OURS Hit like if agree I love india love his criket.
Papers, politicians and journalists pay tribute to legendary Indian journalist and author Vinod Mehta, who has died aged 72. Very sad day ,he was among vry few indains who advocated for freedom of kashmir
With air traffic becoming busier every year, how do controllers train to the limits? via BBC Future BBC deserve big kick by India, I think I India should ban BBC Shocked to watch Chetan Bhagat saying this documentary is must watch Hey BBC Documentary this Will get more TRP in India than that one It maybe interesting to know that there is no documentary made on this but very hard fact. Even men not safe in England Pakistan of Europe . So it is very very well accepted and people have adapted to these crimes on large scale and learn to live with it in UK that BBC has to hunt gutters in India to do their documentaries We hate you BBC. Boycott BBC India should ban BBC
Indians expressing outrage that beef has been banned in the state of Maharashtra have generated one of the world top trending hashtags. Dear , free your mind first, your thousand of children and women died because of Pakistani army, why would india have interest in Baluchistan killings, if you are also seeking the independence from Pakistan than come to us else change your name provided by your pakistani fathers and, by the way we do not ban women unlike you, we went ahead and saved cows congratulation cow is safe in india more than women. So Miya Abdul Mustafa according to your logic, People are killing and eating women here in india and now govt has provided more security to cows than to women, can understand where are you coming from Talibani logic aur logic close to stupid fatwas on women good ban if not bloody ppl are eating the one which majority community of India worship that animal. This is probably the one of best decisions taken this year so far. I dont think that any true Indian is outraged rather than being happy. and if some one having problem with that he must not pronounce himself Indian, at least he must not whine about it. having said that this could be the step closer to general public as well. all those talking about security and culture blah blah blah For those who are burning inside out by Maharashtra govt. decision, Supreme cou of India had already imposed complete ban on slaughtering of bulls and bullocks, COW slaughtering was already banned in Maharashtra too Tomorrow Goats and Chickens will go on hunger STRIKE demanding Equal RIGHTS P. Good move. And, Indians not outraged No beef in Maharshtra ??Its ok I will go to KERALA.and eat as much as want BEEFBAN thats just makes no sense If dont want dont eat Why should you ban in the name of relgn? That too in democratic country ??? Shame on indian Govt. respect cow and govt. will finance to people losing their livelihood yahi to ache din ha . Disruption of ecological balance will have its own repercussions. Operation cat drop in the Island of borneo is the perfect example Delhi, the crime capital of India, has thrice been washed out by invaders, not by Hindus.We hindus in the rest of India worship not only cows but also trees, mountains and king cobras. So keep out, you who disrespect nature. BBC has gone out of mind to earn TRP.what wrong with all 1nirbhaya 2creating religious uprest. Why not BBC be banned for creating divide in communities and declared terrorist broadcasting association. The name BBC is burned down to ashes not to collect. For your kind information, it is banned only state In Hindu Cow is like God, and I respect that. Next move , Ban women, Adivasis and Dalits in your country. If people who dont welcome this ban can leave our country and go to place where they are welcomed as pure breed based on their religion Good decision,but respect should be given, not left stray on roads,should be properly housed Women in mumbai might think Its safe to be acCOW rather than women.If COW is touched then years jail plus 10,00 ban. Now bunch of stupid will decide what we should eat what cloths we should wear this is Jokers democracy this is hypocrisy.some half pant wale showing ban democracy.
In special programme from Chennai, Fergus Nicoll repo on India plan to create sma cities . Hope so if there is no any other religious violence. We hate you BBC. Me to brother.
How are people in Ahmedabad coping with the swine flu outbreak? Lions Club Sujok would like to train every body A & Science of Sewlf Treatment, especially for treating pain, weakness, Improving Immune System, so that people can prevent themselves from attack of Swine Fue and other such epidemics. We can give demonstration any where. We have uploaded over 100 videos in English and Hindi on You Tube and our website
A Roman Catholic priest from India kidnapped eight months ago in Afghanistan returns home after his release. Thanks to our great God for this miracle Thanks to our PM Modiji for following the guidance of our Lord and negotiating successful release . so keep faith in God . Praise the Lord. Love jihad according to Constitution of India Please read this at BBC India conveniently drops the mention of special thanks from hostage to PM Narendra Modi The Wall Street Journal repo it
Police in India say they have arrested five people for allegedly leaking classified government documents to energy companies for money. reinforces basic fact bad people exist across religions foolish to brand them otherwise . What joke The government itself is owned by corporate moguls May be it is treacherous, because they leaked it to Amabani competition . very well it is good and hard courage to the siwans police. Its too xclent
The governor of the US state of Alabama apologises to India after an Indian grandfather was thrown to the ground by police and left paralysed. Atleast somebody apologised if it had been India nobody would have been apologised Apology is not justice enough not enough It shows the character of the citizens of the do called land of the free and home of the coward Sorry was it brave ??. can they give his legs back? give him 100 million compensation. this is seriously ill they should be suspended from their jobs for this kind of cruel behavior . This is so sad. That police officer should be fired and never work as an officer ever again. An apology is not enough. Im so sorry this happened to him. I pray for this man and his family. Also book person who complained to police calling Patel as intruder Dont do that to anyone. Dont be surprised to see an ISIS member walk by without being caught but this old man pushed to ground. Stupid cops in America. They will learn lessons if they go blind to real stuffs Pleaded not guilty is stupid. Americans dont seem to use the 6th sense. They go by patterns and data Where Is Obama?. Only apology , the cop should be punished and the grandparents and their family should be compensated Shameful on the pa of U. S. A. Such acts are condemnable in country like America thanx for much deserved apology. Most American are suffering from insecurity,it will be turn as chronic disease America plz show some class or try to educate ur people.include some moral education chapters in syllabus. Let knw nd make them understand tht there is some invaluable topic like moral values.respect to elder ,fraternity nd so on if r lack in these pa then ask for help from us.we indian are rich in culture.we can teach sm lessons in this regard as we are helping to knw yoga hppy frndshp these type of situations expected from US really brain less persons. An apology is never going to be sufficient is it the reaction of vandalizing church in Delhi?.
An Indian millionaire is charged with murder after he rammed his car into his security guard for being too slow to open gate. He should be rammed in the same manner to understand nd value human life Disgusting to know how ppl lose senses to power He should punished aptly noone is above law nd noone has the right to take life let it be anyone . The viral video of kid driving the Ferrari is of his son Disgusting. His impatience and sellfishness shows he doesnt care for human lives. What?? Ridiculous. He should be stoned to death in public. People who have power and money can influence anyone. If the come out hands free, it is shame He should be punished with harshest of sentences. moneyed ppl think they can get away with anything by purchasing ppl, system as information also comes he was embroiled in similar anti social behaviour earlier too He has committed several crimes and got through with his money and influence before his business of beedi is also crime towards health of smoker and nonsmoker too Now his attorney Lawyer will be making millions of pound from him or will buy his way outside to some poor countries. That what happens when power ove akes your senses We grossly lack empathy in our society Its proof that money is not the guaranty of happiness. He must be very sad person, who irritates so fast Should be Hanged till Death N any Lawyer who tries to defend him must be taught humanitarian lesson does he have name?. This is bbc news Ridiculous. Law of the Land is very Weak,He can get away easily with his money power Indians are too sho tampered for instance virat kholi D. Dont underestimate the power of common man. Next time that millionaire should make it clear before recruiting security. Why to waste his precious time?. Just see his name, you will understand Death sentence please . nail him to the ground He shall not be above the law Happened in Kerala .
Read BBC Spo Cricket World Cup guides to find out who has hit the fastest oneday century, who has scored the most World Cup runs and who is the key player for each side.
India media focus on accusations of police inaction over the gang rape and murder of Nepalese woman.
Police in India Haryana state are hunting for suspects wanted over the gang rape of mentally disabled woman. India is is huge country with much larger population than Europe and Africa combined. The psychology of human beings is similar all over the world. The criminal and animal behavior is also the same all over the world. Making issue of some sordid incident and branding it to this country is most unfo unate. Percentage wise it may be very insignificant compare to the rest of the world Shria laws can not be enforced in civilized world again bbc is late.
Some would argue that internet shaming is the only route to justice, but is it fair to show alleged molesters online before any legal action? Why not? It is best way I hate it when I hear people asking humane considerations for molesters and rapists Those animals dont deserve it at all In India, it the only way. Since justice is doing NOTHING about it Yeah let all wait for due course of law to bring justice to the victim because its only so often justice is meted out, right? Meanwhile, let the perve violate others So long as his rights are protected who cares about the girl?. dumb question They must be hanged in public _ . It the way to bring the perve out in the open They feel if girl keeps quite it means they can do whatever and whenever they want. And even if they are proved as accused their faces are masked in front of the media. The girl have done best what she could do YES THEIR PA S SHOULD BE CHOPPED OFF IN PUBLIC AND VIDEO SHOULD BE CIRCULATED LIKE THEY DID When educated people are doing such things wt can be said about illiterate peoples living in slums. Strict Laws and punishments are need if the hour No its not the right thing to do ppl saying yes frustrated bcoz of inefficiency of the system dont think doing this is like taking power in ur hand and not trusting ur countries justice system. It will prevent others from doing that kind of thing I think not, as this can be later misused. Like law for Dowry is misused as well Hard to hard punishment is need of the hour Ok, but should not be misused. Ce ainly not
A look back at America first ladies charming India and vice versa.
Police in Delhi detain dozens of people who were protesting against recent attacks on churches in the city. Not attacks but small po ions were damaged during robberies by small time thieves whore poor and habitual of smack as disclosed by police authorities after their preliminary investigations The BBC is usually quick in repo ing anything, bad or derogatory, or the downside, as to India. Incidently, hardly repo ed, anything on the Obama visit to India. Is this what people pay their TVLicences for, as to the biased news coverages???. That is exactly how, the BBC lost their repo er in India, Mark Tully, who has lived in India for, many, many years now . wen police arrested priests BBC india posted it so quickly, usually you people are one day late. Indians who send their children to christian schools hospitals need to be ashamed for suppo ing such atrocities
Cricket World Cup 2015 Who would be in the greatest oneday international XI of all time? African teams. Also australia 2007 world cup team. 2011 world cup team india. Unknown now. 1983 world cup India team. 2011 world cup Indian team is World XI of all time.
Weve all heard of the Coliseum, the Great Wall of China, and the Taj Mahal. But what about the world undiscovered architectural wonders? Not many Cared know. OMG Buddies I Got Free Unlimited 3G Mobile Data For Months In Minutes. Just visit The Taj Mahal is not world architecture wonder. Melissa Fernandes Feel proud, we have visited one from this list D.
A song about women safety has sparked Twitter debate over the name of India financial capital, Mumbai. Naming and renaming is the only thing that preoccupies our netas for the simple reason they have not built new cities in the past 60 years which they can name .
Spotlight on the urprising decision to remove foreign secretary Sujatha Singh and replace her with S Jaishankar. A.good.move.by.the.sense able.government. Best Decision Y . Good decision, we need guys to think out of the box.
An Indian childmurderer convicted in case dubbed the house of horrors escapes execution, as cou commutes his sentence to life in prison. Why waste money feeding him all the years? He deserves no mercy Wonder whose influence would that be?. All executions should be abolished . Merv speaks you must know that cou of country is not in the pocket of Indian prime minister. As you are fake ID you need not make such comments. It is unfo unate that this man was not hung but he was in it with many other cannibals who are still lose and nobody knows about pandher,its how Indian cou maintain justice and he will be out soon on bail justice This is India Highly disgusting. This is INDIA, life imprisonment????, he will be out in few years time Shamefull injustice. child killers dont live long in prison. theyre just letting other prisoners do their di work
Legendary Indian ca oonist RK Laxman has died aged 94. For over five decades, his daily ca oon offered glimpse into the aspirations and quirks of Indians. R.I.P SIR. R.I.P. you will be Missed greatly
US President Barack Obama is due to hold town hallstyle meeting with young Indians in Delhi on the final day of his relationshipboosting visit.
President Barack Obama begins the second day of his visit to India by becoming the first US head of state to attend the Republic Day parade. Obamas having great time with two social media loving heads of the nation and the Indian opulence
Matthew Amroliwala brings you the latest news on Republic Day and President Obama visit. Tune in to Global, 2629 Jan 8.30pm IST. Nice for people to see India again. The younger generation doesnt know much about India except for bollywood I love my india. Techically Indian peoples are the surivor in any kind of situation in terms they are in nominal cost with innovative ideas and technology hai hind The representative tablo from West Bengal was denied pa icipation in Republic Day Parade with respect to WB Kanyashree Scheme utterly demographic need based social scheme irrespective of Linguistics & Religion , the BJP prooves if you do anything for the Non Hindus you are not an Indian. Whereas Beti Bachao Scheme is not prooved to be demography oriented but Caste concious Saw it in person front and center .
The Sikh Captain America fights racial stereotypes
India governing BJP pa has named former senior policewoman Kiran Bedi as its candidate for chief minister in upcoming Delhi elections. Same Kiran Bedi who really wanted to see public debate between two main political pa ies Sonia G and Nitin Gadkari has today rejected an invitation from Arvind Kejriwal for public debate. Yet another UTurn by Ms. Bedi . Forgery admission of her daughter in Lady Hardng College on No Eastern quota later opposed by No Eastern people withdrew her student admission U _turn She is lady with oppo unistic mentality . With such mind set she will be failure if becomes chief minster. She share dias to whom She will easily nail the position with lot of women suppo She is playing political game she is looking only position An oppo unist woman to the core,lambasted the two major pa ies for not revealing their source of funding,joins one of them with an eye on the plush CM chair. Was severe on Modi for his involvement in the Gujarat riot,now singing different tune and calling him the un. She is wily vixen,waited patiently biding her time to move on the already depleted Bjp in Delhi to make claim for the chair by leading the campaign against AAP.
India were the first team to win World Cup on their home ground. It day to go until Stumped new weekly cricket show to ente ain cricket and noncricket fans alike. Presented by Alison Mitchell, Jim Maxwell and Prakash Wakankar, Stumped sta Saturday 17th January at 0032 GMT on BBC World Service. East or West, BBC is the best. Dear viewers of BBC, enjoy today. Let Sunday be Fun Day. Listen to the World top Anthems. For high resolutionbigger screen size, click DIRECTLY on this blue highlighted link, INSTEAD of clicking on the photo
India have won the World Cup two times. It two days to go until Stumped new weekly cricket show to ente ain cricket and noncricket fans alike. Presented by Alison Mitchell, Jim Maxwell and Prakash Wakankar, the show sta Saturday 17 January at 0032 GMT on BBC World Service. Come on india. India will be knocked out from 2015 world cup inshallah .
Sunil Gavaskar was out off the first ball of Test match three times in his career. There are three days to go until Stumped new weekly cricket show to ente ain cricket and noncricket fans alike. Presented by Alison Mitchell, Jim Maxwell and Prakash Wakankar, Stumped sta Saturday 17 January at 0032 GMT on the BBC World Service. Follow us on Twitter
Sourav Ganguly is the only player to win four consecutive Man of the Match awards in ODIs. days to go until Stumped new weekly cricket show to ente ain cricket and noncricket fans alike. Presented by Alison Mitchell, Jim Maxwell and Prakash Wakankar. Sta Saturday 17th January at 0032 GMT on the BBC World Service and follow us on twitter Dada da who is the other. Dada best captain on india ever had. Real hero of Indian cricket team in both format
There has been outrage in India after minister in Goa said the state government was planning to set up centres to cure homosexuals But the Minister mentioned that the treatment was actually for the drugaddicted youth and similar people since the state of Goa is overrun with them Yes that right Lol they all stupid
Papers urge political pa ies to end the stalemate in Indianadministered Kashmir and form government the elections were held just for governance purpose ,but the vexed issue of Kashmir is yet to be resolved by international community and U.N.O AND HAVING SAID THAT THIS ISSUE IS STILL PENDING AT UNITED NATIONS SINCE 1947 , WHICH INTERESTINGLY WAS SENT BY THE INDIA TO UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUNCIL. And we urge for the liberation of Pakistan Occupied Kashmir p. happey new yera day.
Papers praise cricketer Virat Kohli recordbreaking performance as India Test captain East or West, BBC is the best. Now pack your bag and take tour of all Continents, while listening to top7 most popular songs
Indian police deny claims by former minister Shashi Tharoor that they pressured his domestic helper to confess that the two men had murdered his wife. She was beautiful woman, she needs to get Justice.
Indian cricketing legend Sachin Tendulkar is set to play himself in film being made on his life. God of cricket with beautifull smile Verry nice.
Mumbai Chowpatty Beach Photo by Punit Paranjpe Sir, Life is yesterday, today, tomorrow so use your experience in your experiment to achieve your expectations. Ya to aap samajh nahin rahe ya samajhna nahin chahte . Thanks to you . . Jai Hind. Very common. Nice beach I like. Mathra very nice. Live pic boss.
This weird fungus invades its victims, eating them from the inside out. I wonder if there is one that invades humans . Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. Is human safe from this fungi?. wonder human contion when the spores are on the human skin. I would ate to a bug that ate that plant. Alien invasion that is Are these Real .
Go hunting in deep water with Predator X, 45 tonne animal that will go down in history as one of the ocean deadliest hunters. Lance Leona Hollows. Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. it would be fun to ride. Great Animation .
Our friends at BBC Ea capture the natural world as never before, with daily stream of astonishing stories, stunning images and interactives, and beguiling sho films. Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. Thank you.
Got question about the India Economic Summit? Share your questions with us in comment below or tweet us on Twitter using BBCWorldDebate Books are cooked to show inflation is down, BUT, yet the prices of everyday commodities are up drop the price of Petrol & Diesel. And this govt. Shows inflation is down . I against the western capitalistic approach in Indian economic policy decisions at this submit To develop india has sta business in oter developing countries . In India there two economy going . Which one you need the pointd. What the inflation of current month?. Lufthansa India is soon introducing A380 in Indian skies. With their amazing More Indian Than You Think campaign going on, I bet it will be the preferred carrier of majority of Indians .
Beloved of philosophers and presidents alike, the Citroen DS caused sensation when it was launched in 1955. Jonathan Glancey tells the story of French icon. Beauty . ooh my god fall in love with this car hey woooooow really superb My favourite car ever I once saw one in friends field rusting and mice nesting in the seats Absolutely Gutted
Get the most impo ant news from India and around the world delivered to your email inbox each morning. Follow the link to sign up to the BBC newsletter today
BBC News Qatar World Cup officials dismayed by unpaid workers remember world copground workong sta qater. All the best . . .QATAR. Yea yea very good. Eid mubark to my all sweet friends.
BBC Future The most scary thought experiment ever carried out? . 3. Children of God BBC India.
BBC News India Curfew relaxed after clashes in Saharanpur Now we are going to be habitual all of that . Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. why these communal riots frequently happens in U.P. . The Truth about Saharanpur riots in UP The land dispute over Gurudwara land in Saharanpur near railway station sparked off the violence by Muslims. The Gurudwara is adjacent to huge piece of land which the Sikh community has been taking care of for past so many years.The land was to witness the lintel being dropped today in order to pursue some construction work. The Muslim community alleged that the land belongs to them and there cannot be any construction. The Sikhs defended that the land is adjacent to their Gurudwara and is rightfully theirs since many years.And hence Violence was carried out by Muslims led by Congress leader Imran Masood against Sikh. Sikhs alleged that the violence seemed preplanned as Muslims from Moradabad and Muzzafarpur were also called in numbers. Gun shots were fired on the Sikhs and people with swords ran after the Sikh community in the region. Shops belonging to Sikh community in Nehru Market were set on fire by them Muslims. A witness in Saharanpur said that angry Muslim mob targetted shops owned by Sikh community.
BBC News Indian nurses trapped in Libya want to return Send plane to wherever there is problem and send some wheelchairs too Indians are too poor to come back on their own. Now why did they go leaving this poor country in the first place?. I think Kerala CM can do something about it. He has the record of saving many from Iraq india do nothing for Indians. When you come back Atleast do something for the nation where many hospitals need nurses. .
BBC Autos Escalade, king of bling very dashing look nice one. My cars has no monthly payments owned free and clear and looks better than this one .
BBC Future Interactive How planes crash oh tere kya image hay very nice pick.
England captain Alastair Cook has urged wicketkeeper Jos Buttler not to change his attacking batting style when he makes his Test debut against India. butler bad choice. Ajay Sharma Gd morning
BBC News Australia to move detained asylum group onshore Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash.
BBC Autos A sedan for sultans think it aston ma in touchtronic. Instead of sealing production of HM Ambassador cant they change their design like this. Modern Ambassador. . Bentley Continental GT Is much better than this. .
BBC Future most stunning images of the week Olll tha bast
BBC Travel China Atlantis of the East it nice. realy ya lie. Really amazing. it is so beautiful. It nice Undersea?.
India allrounder Ravindra Jadeja has been fined 50 of his match fee following an altercation with England James Anderson during the first Test Its their territory. if this is the case both should have been taken to task will our moneymaking BCCI ACT on this. it best to have cricket players as cricket body chief rather than giving in the hands of some lousy businessman to run such bodies strongly condemn SRINIWAS coming back as BCCI CHIEF ALSO REQUEST ICC NOT TO B RACIAL IN SUCH DECISIONS AS REPUTE OF TWO COUNTRIES IS INVOLVED CAREERS OF TWO PLAYERS AS WELL. Decision seems to be racial itself First Anderson only did like bt icc findout only indians
BBC News Media cheer India uperb sta at Glasgow Games Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash.
BBC News Sania Mirza hits back at daughterinlaw of Pakistan jibe dont offend her she just followed the rule all indians are my brothers and sisters. It nothing only hipe news , she will loose under which ever country she plays. If it was bangladesh, if it was afghanistan, if it was malaysia, if it was anything else for her god sake there would have been nothing upsetting about her but Pakistan of all the hundreds of country around. Why is she upset ? She is Pakistani daughter in law. To have forgotten all the things that country has done. What is said about her is not insults what she has done is an insult to all the Indians. Should she be still regarded as an Indian citizen or is she pakistani ? In spo ing events which country will she root for ? In wars which country will she suppo ?. Indian think of very week.sinia is very best player
BBC News India School bus and train crash kills 14 children Check again its 21 children who has been killed not 14 RIP. Dear modi sir, an open request to you.i was delighted by the time you became as india prime minister,how ever we dont want the bullet trains when we dont even have the railway gates across the 20000 locations in india.as result today 20 innocent school children were killed in telangana.and 5000 people were killed each and every year as an average.we dont want the statue which wo around 200 crores when we have 200 beggers at each and every existing statue in india.thank you. How sad and how this accident take place?. It sad really . OMG Let us pray for their Soul to Rest in Peace. School Bus Drivers, Pls be safe and concentrate in Driving. Children life is involved. Any mistake Extremely Sorry Friends. Pls pray to The Children Soul to Rest in Peace Very Sad. Rip. Why oh why cant these bus drivers be more careful?. No 30childrends died now im at that accident place masaipet near chegunta. RIP, THE depa ed soul. Rip.
BBC News Witness The end of British rule in India Bad british people. such lovely story. So what. Many people from India also have seen that .
BBC News In pictures Life in denuded India villages
BBC News Indian media Cheering 2014 Games contestants
BBC News Glasgow 2014 City set for Commonwealth Games opening ceremony
The BBC email newsletter is the best way to stay uptodate with what matters today. Sign up now Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash.
BBC Future Can you learn in your sleep?
BBC News Indian media Cruelty in schools its high time teachers need training on how to behave & deal with children at school The antecedent and the role of persons in recruiting the teacher involved should be thoroughly investigated Technology can save our girls.But people underestimate it in the indian context the parents are to blame in most of the cases they do not talk toor listen to their children when the children tell them something from school.like in bangalore the parents want to put their children into international schools hence they sign on any clauses why cant these people bring the same to the notice of the education dept.silence for long & compromises have lead to this such of things here there is oneone in school going age .Kick them out .
India hails historic cricket win Historical win in historical ground. bleed blue all over.chak de fatte and cong to Men in blue army. another feather on dhonis cap what strategy. an istic win Hate from Indian occupied Kashmir.
Long before environmental crusades became mainstream, an Indian tribe lived by the philosophy of protecting trees and showing compassion to all living beings Yay India so proud . Praise the Lord Respect to these people thats we INDIANS great we proud of it. INDIA FUTURO. Protect & Repect the enviornment India is great. Proud to be an Hindu
LIVE England India Go ishant . Comon India Comon. GOOD INDIA. I am waiting to result.
Inspired India set for one of their greatest wins Agnew Complete team effo , superb performance and Koli seems to be asleep. Indians are always winners against anyone. Sorry but the game is pulled out by england they are closed to win. Still I believe India will win let see what happens.
BBC News India school rape claim Man arrested in Bangalore they should be hang. Neha SK this is definitely not being dealt with very well by our governments . Law must be made simple so that such heinous criminals are dealt with including early capital punishments the incident occured at school campus or at their locality. Which actress is tallest? Govt exam asks I was focused threequa ers of the way into the Combined Graduate Level Exam conducted by the Staff Selection Commission SSC on Sunday when I was distracted by this gem Q Who among the following actresses is the tallest in height sic ? A Huma Qureshi Katrina Kaif Deepika Get more info here Bbc loving islamist son did it. this is being dealt by our govt very well need not to concerned dear BBC though such coverages seems to of prime impo ance to BBC else you dont deem it proper to fairly present our core issues like terrorist attacks in india uhmmmm ???? .
BBC Autos Top down and 201mph Red beauty . Lovely nice machine.
BBC Culture What are the greatest love poems? Love is waste
BBC Capital The downsides of being rich Is it real ?.
BBC Travel Our favourite images of the week Nepal, near by India Border. Where is that?. Chitwan National Park NEPAL 3.
The BBC is proud to have received 33 nominations for the 66th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards, with seven going to Dancing with the Stars and 12 for Sherlock His Last Vow. Other shows, such as The White Queen and Luther, also received multiple nominations. You can catch Sherlock on AXN India this weekend Friday and Saturday at 8.00pm. Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa airs on Saturdays and Sundays at 9pm on Colors.
Bollywood star Farhan Akhtar on new movie Bangistan
India school boycotted after rape When was it the last time you ever had something good to say about INDIA ?, You are sick . Shut the school down and hang those who did that sickening act Even animals dont do such evil Too many Indian men are sick and disturbed.
Rahane leads India fightback at Lord heheheh comedy.
BBC News LIVE Malaysian plane crashes in Ukraine updates Til nw malaysian previous plane in mystery.yet dis is another incident of crash or shot down Rip. YA even thought abt that wats their to prove. The big question is, whether there is any giant behind the plane crash ? If yes, then another question is what they want to achieve or prove ?. They must tight the internal security Airpo Malaysia, how come black box missing, ? That to only they trouble , Sad.
BBC Future Flying spies Surveillance planes after the Cold War
Why Taslima Nasreen wants to return to Bangladesh bbc.in1t68enE Who knows. I dont know. Brave woman every body loves hisher country. The Daring Lady. my call for all free thinkers answer from all human lovers dont hide your heads in sand. Nice job she has done. She may please be allowed It is her bi hplace. It her country. Shed definitely want to go back. I hope the Bangladeshis let her. I have read her work, and find nothing wrong or controversial in it. pure countries usse nafrat karne lage shayed harami Go back to your country
Indian media praise Modi diplomacy bbc.in1r5tU3G Mr prime minister its not Brazil that you need most now , look at Vladimir Putin , seems like you have no presence next to him , he doesnt even look bothered about you. THis msg and repo fm BBC is loaded for its meaning and what else This same BBC will bend backwards to repo US President activities without such loads of meaning, without caring for the fact that even within US villages or for that matter in urban areas of USA , even their own President or their own cities and towns are not known to many British still behave as they did did some 100 years back God save them.We , in India , also recognise that its repo has been sent by presumably repo er of Indian origin or people employed to earn their bread on sending inputs by working from home whatever it is, the editorial responsibilities of BBC in publishing such repo prove how naive , if not arrogant and haughty, that the editorial team at BBC is indian media is paid media lol they made sure modi became pm so its not big surprise . Very successful summit & fruitful meetings one year as PM tours no governance except for adani,ambani zero to people NDA BJP,TDP Union Budget 201516 is not Visionary, Injustice BMPAP not accepting it. Bahujans Demand to Distributive Justice, nothing new to Bahujans. Anti BahujanExploitationInjusticeQuestion Budget Amount 286 Billion Dollars 17.77 Lakh Rupees as shown in table Community WOMEN BC MUSLIMCHRISTIANBUDHISTS Etc S T SC OCSudra OCOthers Amount in Billion Dollars 143 72 23 12 23 10 3 Invite AP Bahujans, Doctors,Engineers,Lawyers,Proffessors,Gazetted Officers,GraduatesYouth into Chalo Bahujan Freedom Struggle2015 & Pledge to live like PhuleDr.Ambedkar in all 13 Dt. of AP & Protest and FUNERAL March of BJPTDP Budget at Dr.Ambedkar Statue Anti BahujanExploitationInjusticeQuestion 1 .Littlenothing for AP. No Sincerity to obey Parliament,Constitution,commitments made during AP reorganisation. Dreams of AP were shattered but eyes on poll states Bihar & West Bengal our CM Chandra B. Naidu sleeping,Ministers enjoying power at the cost of AP State. A damper for AP. Allotted nothing for Capital construction,national Project Polavaram 5000 crores required to complete , .Did not lay out any frame work to implement initiatives announced. 3 .Pro corporateAnti Bahujan Budget,Corporate tax reduction is quid proquo between NDA ic TDPCorporates,depriving VOTERSbahujans.it has more for companies.It is Dhan wapasi,NDA ic TDP taken from companies during elections to buy EVMTampering not Votes of people.where does NDA leave Bahujans85 votersIndians???? 4 .No allocation for Spo s,Spo cities, Little for social& Welfare schemeseven reduction ideal allocation to infra 140,000 crores,women development30,000 crores,Nirbhaya fund10,000crores,Urban development40,000crores,educationSchoolHigher2lakh crores,Healthfamily welfare 1lakh crore ,investment in Infra1.5lakh crores Etc. 5 .Subsidies including LPG,fe ilisers to limit to needy by arresting robbery from ruling communities. 6 .Measures to improve tax collection,to all all potential income holders are neglected to rise income. 7 .Squeezing Plan spending is depriving Bahujans of welfare schemesSply.SCSP,TSP amount to reduce which is robbing SC,ST communities?? 8 .India needs 100 nationalisation but NDAbrought back privitisation after 10years?? NDA Govt. accepting their inability to rule,their destroyingPSU attitude targeting to achieve67,500 crors from PSUsales. 9 .Budget does not sufficiently address requirement make in India would require. 10.no iculation of Budget suppo for vision of digital India,sma cities. 11 .all schemes,100 Budget should be efficiently implemented,periodically audited by Bahujans in addition to CAG by expanding its HR source adequately. It is dream and desire of AP MulNivasi Bahujan Communities and real voters for New SOCIETY with equality & New SYSTEM with DISTRIBUTIVE JUSTICE representationshare to Women50 ,BC 50 ,MuslimChristians 16 ,ST,SC ,OCSudra by electing Constitutional independent mind representatives to establish real democracy which was buried by Gandhi,Nehru,BJP through PUNEPact as CURSE o, Bahujans, to Bring Freedom to Bahujans and to establish Fraternity and Scientific mentality in people of AP Solutionwhat can do to achieve these Quit Others News PAPER & TV and sta subscribing our New paper Bahujan Jyoti & TV Sneha also sta PayBack to CommunityRs.1 Thanking you Sir will grateful if acknowledge our rep. & mailpost us relevant reply in time6Days . Yours sincerely Enclosures BMPAP Joins Anna Hazare& Medha patkar in Protest with Demands. Ratnam .Buraga, B.Tech Bahujan Mukti Pa yAP& Phule AmbedkaristsJAC ies. YKSNP, RPIBagat Singh, SagarVCK, RiyazSDPI, K.Babu PrakasICSP, Dr.AnkaiahILP & Bahujan Forums, Federations, Unions,MRPSAP,MMS
India sixyearold schoolgirl raped in Bangalore school by staff members No more judicial procedure Just hang them publically Sabarish Sab Subbu Vss Krishna Reddy F K THOSE MOFOS. Hanging would serve nothing, their head is filled with filth, let bulldozer run over their heads and destroy it completely, there hea is filled with such animalistic intentions, cut it out when they are still alive, they have no control over their bodily desires making them demons, burn them alive India you are disgrace to humanity. The time is ripe fr the bjp govt . to prove its wo h, by taking real serious action against the rapists. Just Hang them publically the parents of the culprits also deserve punishment . School iz learning temple no more Shame,Shame . Hang those people literally. society is not safe until we employ technology at its best with full force. hang the culprits. Indian Penal Code is loose to give punishment .We see the culprits get free after years of cou proceedings. So amend I.P.C. Indian Penal Code is loose to punish the culprit Trials and prolonged cou actions and finally the culprit gets free This is what we see in India No mercy to give punishment. Let Prime minister give right directions. so much vemons spitted out no one has the full story just complaint of parents jungle attitude Yes hang the animals. Teach them to respect by burning them daily to ure them by cutting them daily keep them hungry without water till they die . Burn thier bodies bury them under the toilets where people pee and stab them million times even after they die . Take down govt this is all due to this govt see Gaza,kmr,and Bangalore. Protest for all what is happening wrong . Just hang them immediatly. ooofffff Shiksha mandir me baithe haiwano first do castration then aftr somedays chop their head.
LIVE England India All the best. All the best INDIA Team. All the best.
Liquid gold A look at India growing breast milk banking network Very worst things home delivary melega toh ?. BBC would do anything to show India in bad light. There are lot better things happening. Have respect. Nectar To Good & Healthy Life For A Baby Future How much it price. Even dis thing sta ed nd end of world is near
BBC Future Why do we have blood types? Bcos,,were not comes out from one womb .
Indian media feel the equal sharing agreement at the new Brics development bank is step in the right direction I read this icle I noticed BBC has mentioned different media has said like this and Printed like that dont you have Clear View on this.? if you are running Media for People give statement what is happened and what can be done to improve it. You Still Seem like Sub Org of East India Company. We are running on globalization Please dont create differences with different countries Brics will cross g7 summit in future. one of good initiative work of brics through which economic integration can be expanded among the people of brics brics for th better devlopmenT and better banking . . old wine in new bottle I get 1OOO Facebook Followers For free Read More On autofollowme.fulba .com ? 44.
BBC readers share their memories of India iconic car, the Ambassador Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. lots of memoris is atteced this car of me. my chilhod lots of memoris wit HM. being frank in my childhood dream to own it. too had one in the past ambassador has closed their production mnths ago really it was iconic car of our india once upon time ambassador A model was my favourite 1. What about Landmaster do make small change in your subject 2014. very very impo ant car VVIC . Can anyone think of better design?.
How is India film festival boom boosting indie cinema?
Indian media highlight parliamentary debate over an Indian journalist meeting with the head of Pakistani charity group whom Delhi accuses of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai attacks head of pakistany charity group??? R mad?? he is head of pakistany murderer group he killed the innocent indian people u remembered it?. It was fixed meeting from modi and nawaz sharif. Enemies of India.? . Very funny ,India says this man is behind Mumbai terror attack and pakistan says he is uncatchable ,LOL. I wonder if congress had done this by now BJP would have boycotted parliament, rajya sabha, streets of India and they would again label the congress anti national and many more SHAMELESS LEECHES Bha iya junkyark pa so far friendly with pakistan, special envoy to meet hafeej saeed and what else I ask what happened to those BJP bhakts who were claiming so big on MODI and his 56 inches chest MORONS . Arrest immediately Mr. Vedprakash vaidik for his antinational act . Pakistani charity group ? Both JuD and LeT are sanctioned by US and UN as terror organisations. That joker has got bounty of 10m USD. Choose your words cautiously and wisely BBC India , it terrorist responsible for 2611 we are talking about Hafiz sb is great personality & india should provide evidence against him in cou This is impo ant but today wts going on in sikkim plzzz help us tag the voice of silkkim help studant sir plzzzzzzx. BJP cheeting sey jiti hai. head of Pakistani charity group ?? What are saying BBC the head of Pakistani charity group?????? BBC Is this journalism?. Can BJP take strict action against him? It was not an interview it was casual meeting knowingly meeting with person who is accused of worst terror attack on our country TRAITORS OF INDIA Baba Ramdev is interested to get his medicines sold in Pakistan as well This is the true face of Baba Ramdev & Co. . This is also to note that both Hafiz Saeed & the baba hails from Hariyana BJP Baba Ramdev & Co. is slowly inviting another Moghul Era in India. Why are pa ies like VHP, Bajrang dal, Shiv Sena Etc like outfits so conspicuously silent about this act of treason on to the pa of the so called said multi millionaire baba aide. Why did they not have the courage to publicly denounce the abominable insult of the HH. Jagatguru Shankarachariya ji Maharaj ? Now these men seem to throw away Lord Ram for the sake of their Acchey din Why is this old editor V P Vedanta of Hindi news group is not taken to task by the Govt.? Or is there any other di story behind ? God Save India .
The World Trade Organisation has found the United States violated global trade rules when it imposed tariffs on products from China and India does the US realy obey any organisation in the world? they thin they are above all, and keep telling other nations what to do and what not Haha Everyone knew this all the time, Im sure US wont even listen to these findings The US thinks its bloody holy and perfect and above every other human being As if other countries cant do any good work and manufacture good products and only US can .
India and China have stressed the need to boost bilateral ties during meeting on the sidelines of the sixth Brics summit in Brazil bbc.in1zDLsIh Robust trade more jobs more expo Agni to reach all over China. The best mantra Trade connection only Dot forget about early days 2014 . Unknown the Man what_ Country ?. Hopefully PM NaMo will not trust the Chinese promises . Where have you been self. This century belongs to India and China
Unpaid teachers and rising corruption? The rot in India primary school education bbc.in1zDGZVX State education has been neglected for long time,as more and more parents choose private education in English medium schools where is this school???. Why not equal education for all citizen ?. There are instances where Education minister of state has stake in private school chains and he has done nothing to improve government run schools, only promoted his private ventures instead bbcindia always speaks abt the weaknesses of India plz also explore the culture the quality of education in india just looked at one side of coin bt in INDIA their are much more primary school where the education quality is much better than so called international schools. It better than many primary schools in India. . . Because maximum newly created primary schools situation is very worst Correct. Hasmukh Patel are 110 right. government as well as teachers and we the people aam janata is also responsible for that The media shld give facts. Indian school aesa hi hota .
Solving the mystery of India unrecorded deaths Fooling ourselves 2014.
Hindu leader Giriraj Kishore dies bbc.in1qXlXgW May hIs soul rest In peace. jaI shree ram. Jay Ho truth inside 2014. very sad Rest In Peace Rip. So y. Bhagvan ki saran mile. Jay shree ram. Jay vhp and rss This icle says RSS founded VHP in 1964 to give Hindus what they believed would be clearly defined sense of religious identity and political purpose. Im Hindu. Ive clear political purpose and ideology. And I dont need misguided organisations and ppl to give me those. RIP Giriraj Kishore. May the ppl who come to lead the VHP after you realise that there more to Hinduism than burning 16th century mosques and killing those whose version of God differs from ours. Sad day for right thinking people. May his soul live in peace Madhurima Das b.coz of ppl like our Hindu Dharm is declining ur calling Babri Masjid Mosque Let me remind Its cant be Mosque. .b.coz as per Islam Mosque cannot be build on land occupied by destroying Temples of another Religion Babri Madjid is build after the destruction of Lord Ram Lala Grand Mandir Nd what they Rss people did is perfec nd befitted reply to those who says Lord Ram never exists We can die thousands time to build our Lord Ram Temple Jai Shri Rama.
India overcome an early wobble to bat out the final day and draw the first Test against England at Trent Bridge
Indian media praise Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif decision to declare legendary Bollywood actor Dilip Kumar ancestral home as national heritage site Deplorable indian govt. Failed to restore bhabha home Indian media praises nd BBC post it D D D. kudos to madhubala killer and defaming her in his autobiography , Political move to declare Pakistan as secular State Pakistani govt honouring Dilip Kumar Real name yusoof khan b.coz he is Muslim born in Pakistan. but they forget to honour Shaheed Bhagat Singh by renaming fuwara chowk as Shaheed Chowk wht shame on Pakistani govt. Wow Wt dedication honour, love guys.
Are fewer farmers killing themselves in India today? The latest numbers show very welcome decline until you look at the numbers more closely please help this childrens. Farmers are the backbone of country
The BBC, BBC America, BBC Worldwide Productions, and Adjacent Productions receive 33 Primetime Emmy Nominations Highlights include 12 nominations for Sherlock His Last Vow.
Indian media are abuzz with comment about the first budget of the new government bcz they have no authority to post that cmnt for our government I read that blog Why all negative comments are focused mostly?? _ Grow up FM took revenge with Punjab. Fist learn from uk pm. And ur buzy posting evry possible news get on our budget.
Why are Indian workers being mutilated for refusing to be slaves? bbc.in1y0YHRk Shocking story ,I hope the authorities catch the culprits and punish them for the inhumane atrocity . We Indian are slaves since last 200 years not only of oother peoples bt also of corruption,politician,high prices etc etc. it is very sad news. which place is this. Extremely shameful inhuman treatment of poor people.Or more like exploitation.Sooner this is resolved the better. .
India new government unveils what it calls budget for growth, lifting some caps on investment and planning to bring in goods and services tax. better day will come. good services tax. NDA BJP,TDP Union Budget 201516 is not Visionary, Injustice BMPAP not accepting it. Bahujans Demand to Distributive Justice, nothing new to Bahujans. Anti BahujanExploitationInjusticeQuestion Budget Amount 286 Billion Dollars 17.77 Lakh Rupees as shown in table Community WOMEN BC MUSLIMCHRISTIANBUDHISTS Etc S T SC OCSudra OCOthers Amount in Billion Dollars 143 72 23 12 23 10 3 Invite AP Bahujans, Doctors,Engineers,Lawyers,Proffessors,Gazetted Officers,GraduatesYouth into Chalo Bahujan Freedom Struggle2015 & Pledge to live like PhuleDr.Ambedkar in all 13 Dt. of AP & Protest and FUNERAL March of BJPTDP Budget at Dr.Ambedkar Statue Anti BahujanExploitationInjusticeQuestion 1 .Littlenothing for AP. No Sincerity to obey Parliament,Constitution,commitments made during AP reorganisation. Dreams of AP were shattered but eyes on poll states Bihar & West Bengal our CM Chandra B. Naidu sleeping,Ministers enjoying power at the cost of AP State. A damper for AP. Allotted nothing for Capital construction,national Project Polavaram 5000 crores required to complete , .Did not lay out any frame work to implement initiatives announced. 3 .Pro corporateAnti Bahujan Budget,Corporate tax reduction is quid proquo between NDA ic TDPCorporates,depriving VOTERSbahujans.it has more for companies.It is Dhan wapasi,NDA ic TDP taken from companies during elections to buy EVMTampering not Votes of people.where does NDA leave Bahujans85 votersIndians???? 4 .No allocation for Spo s,Spo cities, Little for social& Welfare schemeseven reduction ideal allocation to infra 140,000 crores,women development30,000 crores,Nirbhaya fund10,000crores,Urban development40,000crores,educationSchoolHigher2lakh crores,Healthfamily welfare 1lakh crore ,investment in Infra1.5lakh crores Etc. 5 .Subsidies including LPG,fe ilisers to limit to needy by arresting robbery from ruling communities. 6 .Measures to improve tax collection,to all all potential income holders are neglected to rise income. 7 .Squeezing Plan spending is depriving Bahujans of welfare schemesSply.SCSP,TSP amount to reduce which is robbing SC,ST communities?? 8 .India needs 100 nationalisation but NDAbrought back privitisation after 10years?? NDA Govt. accepting their inability to rule,their destroyingPSU attitude targeting to achieve67,500 crors from PSUsales. 9 .Budget does not sufficiently address requirement make in India would require. 10.no iculation of Budget suppo for vision of digital India,sma cities. 11 .all schemes,100 Budget should be efficiently implemented,periodically audited by Bahujans in addition to CAG by expanding its HR source adequately. It is dream and desire of AP MulNivasi Bahujan Communities and real voters for New SOCIETY with equality & New SYSTEM with DISTRIBUTIVE JUSTICE representationshare to Women50 ,BC 50 ,MuslimChristians 16 ,ST,SC ,OCSudra by electing Constitutional independent mind representatives to establish real democracy which was buried by Gandhi,Nehru,BJP through PUNEPact as CURSE o, Bahujans, to Bring Freedom to Bahujans and to establish Fraternity and Scientific mentality in people of AP Solutionwhat can do to achieve these Quit Others News PAPER & TV and sta subscribing our New paper Bahujan Jyoti & TV Sneha also sta PayBack to CommunityRs.1 Thanking you Sir will grateful if acknowledge our rep. & mailpost us relevant reply in time6Days . Yours sincerely Enclosures BMPAP Joins Anna Hazare& Medha patkar in Protest with Demands. Ratnam .Buraga, B.Tech Bahujan Mukti Pa yAP& Phule AmbedkaristsJAC ies. YKSNP, RPIBagat Singh, SagarVCK, RiyazSDPI, K.Babu PrakasICSP, Dr.AnkaiahILP & Bahujan Forums, Federations, Unions,MRPSAP,MMS
India set to present federal budget Is it bood budget.then explain me. India Federal Budget Lovely Words. N this is how BBC different from others
Modi mountain to climb Hopes are incredibly high for India new government. Tomorrow budget will be the first test of whether these hopes will be fulfilled, writes Robe Peston. But Modi will survive and pass with flying colors.
Controversial India politician Amit Shah appointed new BJP chief bbc.in1k4qlor People are suppo ing criminals, and tainted thugs and they want society without corruption, place of harmony and development for everyone, you know what they call such situation, nothing but an irony . Go on brothers and sisters of our sovereign nation continue suppo ing these kind of people And people still question why our country is lagging behind, perhaps, blind and retards are majority in this glorious land of mine Wise dicision was expecting him to be HOME MINISTER BBC people why are you mentioning him as controversial Indian politician?? He is going to be future PM of India and mind your word please Can anyone remember another head of national pa who was under trial for heinous crimes like murder, kidnapping, exto ion? A new low BBC gives the proper news than Indian paid channels Politicians are always controversial. See your western rulers and what they have done and are doing with third world countries. They have ruined Afghanistan, Iraq and many countries in the past for fulfilment of their ego Thats really good for india. Controversial media BBC said that Amit shah is appointed as new BJP chief. BBCINDIA I think he is influential rather than controversial . Controversial because he refused to kiss the of PseudoSickulars Id take such person as BJP leader any day over of KhanGress O.o. When you failed to defeat your opponent you create propaganda against him then he or she become controversial 3. He is pig. For foreign news media everything about India is controversial. What is controversial is their repo ing always bias and inaccurate. BBC who is not controversial in Indian politics? Sonia and Rahul. paidmedia.
Indian media see the railway budget as an indication of whether the new government is serious about introducing radical economic reforms Seriously not.
Indian police will exhume the bodies of two teenage cousins who were gangraped and murdered in May, to conduct fresh autopsy, media repo say A BIG BLOW TO AKHILESH GOVERNMENT with no response.Congratulations.
How did Gandhi become UK politician George Osborne hero? He is killer Gandhi becos of him Sardar Bhagat Singh died. become , not became . I have neither seen God nor Ganthiji but can say Gandhiji is great than God. not because of gandhi he is terrorist acc to british he killed scoot. you are born in barbarous family thats why you talk like beast. Gifted Kohinoor to British he is devile . He isnt his hero really. This is to develop diplomacy with us overemotional Indians who swoon everytime we hear the holy name Typical Brit move. . Gandhi to me is an extraordinary hero with vision and consciousness of what he was doing.
Indian media welcome Monday ruling by India Supreme Cou that Sharia cou have no legal authority and their decisions are not binding The muslim women need to unite and voice their opinion as they are the main victims of the fatwas out dated sharia laws Become muslim and feel the diffrence What is going on its just catastrophie I mean who is Indian media to welcome the judgement it we Muslims who should have to be problem with shariyah cou if we were comfo able with them who were des to question. I cant understand what is new in this.
Carrefour, one the world largest retail chains, is shutting its business in India bbc.in1qFEuhJ In India Inian type of business will run better like Sahara Q shop or Bigbazar . Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. which citys. Reliance is going open 100 new cash nd carry stores nd walma is eyeing to increase upto 50 while carrefour has only store in india. Both Metro & Walma are more than doubling their numbers in India . Reliance is targeting 2000 stores . Dehradun is our new Las Vegas. Himalaya .
India to unveil new railway budget nothing bebs he is totly safe . illution is that this bhaiya is on the other track P he is safe P. very bad god is doing very bad with him. Give him car. If price increasing then where that money is going gov should do something for these stufs which is commonly haopening in india. LIKE ME INDIA.
India budget What do people want? Outcountries black money return india . So india developed . lol instead we got hike of 10 on railway ticket & in freight not special in this budget only price hike in all sector . Seventh pay. Eye catching rear view image oh, budget? expect only run of the mill so
Indian parliament key budget session begins we should salute to tis women not the deligates in the cars. Tea Powder, Sugar and Milk rates will be reduced p. Tommorow rail budget will be presented.
Indian media focus on new repo that says nearly one in three Indians is living in pove Stop showing about pove nd focus on those who made my people to struggle in pove y . 60 years of wrong policies and loot Nearly 70 percent of Indians make less than dollar day really. Shame on us Stop showing negative side of India . congratulations,India ab amir ho gaya,had hodi hai sho cut marne kee . Tell me something new admin which have not heard. dreaming about the good days which yet to come but nobody knows when. good days are yet to come But bjp persons saying person can eat meal in Delhi in. rs . Education and control in breeding is solution. Actully yes pove has in every country why always recomended india first Policy maker goverment or ngo will helping these childrens giving education aswell soo its really hard for poor person to buy best happinese for their childrens while doing online shoping just give small amount to some foundations insure bright future for them. at last BBC is happy that it got something again to show something negative about India
Britain Chancellor George Osborne and Foreign Secretary William Hague sta India visit British?? again in India I want to know that British politicians call India poor country, British movie director call India Slum and Indian people Slum dogs then what they always collect from India??. They should ashamed of himself They lived in India for Hundreds of Years. India A rich country in nature in culture in history What is Britain ?a small peace of land?? Again they will collect whatever they can and will jelous of every thing in India we have after going back they will provide some crumbs to the children and will say British is rich country and biggest donor to India. Real decoits Lootere Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash.
India building collapse rescue ends with 61 dead really irresponsible and took days .
Indian media feel that time is running out for evacuating 46 Indian nurses and other citizens trapped in Iraq Indian media is almost fake theyre almost corrupted for the sake of money theyll do everything. This not mean that all are corrupted Time running out to evacuate but Indian foreign minister says keep in touch Iraq situation. and what does the BBC feel regarding the same?. Pakistan Zindabad. Maqbooza Kashmir zindabad and one day we will be get this beautfull valley inshallah Why you always comment on India media Are you not an Indian media bbc.
India to provide four free vaccines They will include one for rotavirus, which kills thousands of children year. Modi is there. and think it wud reach the patients in those remote villages ??? I Dont think so
Indian nurses trapped in hospital in Iraqi city of Tikrit moved to another location May all are safe. Now released reached India safe. They are coming home. They must be very afraid. New rail line is facility for the entire nation to visit Jammu and Kashmir PM Says after inaugurating rail link in Katra A set of local trains from Jammu to Katra and Pathankot to Katra is also likely to be introduced to cater to the rush of Vaishno Devi pilgrims. An estimated 10 million devotees visit the shrine every year Get more info here No doctors or nurses with terrorist so they may kidnapped to give treatment injured terrorists . Best of luck.
Probe into India building collapse as death toll reaches 55
Indian women misusing dowry law bbc.in1mMsgOn The statement comes from India Supreme Cou , which said the tough law was being used as weapon by disgruntled wives to harass their husbands and inlaws. Perfect my friend has faced it that women made his life miserable need to ammend it Why nt jus ban the dowry system . so finally the reality is out. Make strict law to prevent dowry and also law must be made that boys side must spend half amount in the marriage budget . . Since girls family doesnt take the whole burden , husband might not have to give fat amount for getting divorced Absolutel misused. Infact, it become business of some to threat and blackmail for money. Kabhi apne purane pyar ko pane ke liye bhee misuse hota hai. Cou must do something. Where is the proof and by what percentage. Men have been abusing what was ritual for centuries now they cant stomach when few women misuse it. in these condition to prevent laws accused person and false case file person should have equal punishment. if accused person finds that he did crime then he should given punishment. and woman is found that she did false case file then she should also be punished with equal punishment as dowry accused person punished. better law is police should use narco like test of both side to find truth weather complainer is speaking truth or lie. same test should be done with accused. Time for Supreme Cou to act now. There is need to Ammend this law & ban the dowry system No law for the victim. suffered lot personally. I thought dowry was made unlawful years ago. Punish them severely
India main stock exchange resumes trading after being disrupted due to network outage bbc.in1qp9h2d
What happens after graduation? Rising joblessness is creating an army of educated unemployed new graduates in China and India I am from INDIA,now we have strong leader for the strong nation,and I believe he can make solution on this issue.and we re ready to do any work and service to the welfare of nation. never thought China too is facing same problem. I doubt of how in future, education will meet the needs, atleast in INDIA. USA is thr to heir our graduates Cose are no efficient employees in USA.
Iran hopes of qualifying for the World Cup last 16 ended as they lost to alreadyeliminated BosniaHercegovina. Carlos Queiroz Iran side could have progressed to the second round with win but their hopes were dented when Edin Dzeko gave the Bosnians deserved lead with crisp shot from 25 yards. thats what we want as africans. go nigeria go Football is not Iran hobby rada Bombin & killin is they hobby, 2ru or false . As afrisans,we thanks Bosnia. Nigeria realy did well against agentina,i think the fear of messi presence became stone on their leg.you can see what happened after he left. Although, you can see that we had more ball on target than them,so therefor say that with the spirit of fear out of us,i belive the cup is our . . Wil frndz today germany wil win wht think frndz. What. Atleast they tried to do something good. Am glad Nigeria qualify for round of 16. even if they win bosnia vs 0.nigeria wil stil qualify with goal difference Iran. . well performance. . Stay blessed for next worldcup. It is good as bosnia lost so that Nigeria qualified.
Often described as one of the wonders of the world, the stunning 17th Century white marble Taj Mahal was built by Mughal emperor Shah Jahan as mausoleum for his beloved wife Mumtaz Mahal, who died in childbi h. But new play which recently premiered in India gives dramatic and unexpected twist to historical events. The production of Shah JahanoMumtaz suggests that all was not well in the lovers paradise and questions the motive behind the building of the Taj. Everyone knows it is as monument to love, but could it in fact have been built out of guilt? Love in any form is LOVE Appreciate beauty nd be happy it is in India Dont make this wonderful monument ugly with ur filthy hindu muslim cmnts . we dont want BBC to raise such issues in India we knw ur policy of divide and rule. . It tej mahalaya shiva temple made by rajpoot king Hahahaha Sm hindus cal it shiv mandir. I think they blind with the sight, cmon jst at the buildng ull find answer. . It taj mahalaya Shiva temple made by rajpoot king. A crazy depressed king constructed this so called the symbol of love She wasnt his first wife and he wasnt her first husband as well is this love ???? I would not mind if the roots of the of some poisonous ivy dilapidate this structure and would hammer it . its is shivalaya the shiv temple. this is in reality the lord shiva temple real name tezo mahalya made by the rajput king maan singh inside this there is as shivling on which during tje period of sawan water droplets fall on it from where this water droplets come still an issue for tne scientist due to having tje fear of great controvresy the former pm of india shrimati indra gandhi jee sealed such area where we can found the real truth. We Indians believes and accepted it as Mausoleum of true love. No question of controversy Firstly we are talking of time when patriarchy was strong and it was almost badmanners to be in love with your wife, unmanly to weep, and in despotic monarchy there was no political mileage to be had by weeping for your wife and Mumtaz was 38 when she died may be he was guilty for making her go through with so many pregnancies on the basis of astrological predictions which apparently foretold the murder of one brother by another and both had hoped to ave it by having no stepbrothers but let us by all means tell the youngsters that their is nothing called true love and let them gun down their fellow students Taj Mahal is the Lifeline for the people of Agra & the tourism of U P Govt now. No matter who built it, it is love story that is sold . mumtaz was shah jehan one of the 14 wives Three words to speak ha ha and ha. First tell ur team to find out about temple by name of Tajo mahadev on which This monument of love is built and shazan born in 15th century if want to know the age of taj and build date can test the carbon c2 will get ur answer Doesnt matter who built taj mahal hindu persn or muslim its symbol of love nd proud of india lets all respect ot . Why drag up controversy after centuries. Shah jehan was faithful to Arjuman till her death . Concubines may have been there but only for night. After that they were sent to the harems its not true love .
And more silent protest in BBC Delhi for jailed Al Jazeera journalists journalismisnotacrime FreeAJStaff IT WOULD BE GREATER Protest if they had used ducktape all overe there face P. Practising what one preaches . welcome the silence move on Gandhian way Now time has come to raise voice no more shhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Salute the Decision India is not far behind, this so called democratic country of ours has one of the most restricted, manipulated and money oriented media in the whole world hahaha and why BBC is protesting ??. In our country no one listens to silent protests. Please try something noisy. what is this?. silence better then lies na ?.
Journalists in London protest against sentencing of alJazeera staff in Egypt journalismisnotacrime FreeAJStaff Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. So many A4 sheets wasted
Kim Jongil visit marked the opening of the Mt Chilbo Homestay one of the few homestays in No Korea, if not the only one, that is allowed to host foreigners. BBC Travel checks out this exclusive homestay in No Korea that lets you sleep where Dear Leader Kim Jongil slept.
Some of the greatest British cars were the ones that never reached the production line. Herewith, look at six of the UK most memorable concept cars, design studies, and experimental prototypes. Confam.
New Marvel Comics blockbusters like XMen Days of Future Past and Captain America The Winter Soldier feature complex ideas about government power and discrimination against minority groups, maintaining the edgy tradition of their source material.
The idea of flying car has been stuck on the drawing board for decades. But one company threewheel design could turn this fantasy into reality. Wow it so nice Decades on drawing brd? There are many proto types created before many of them worked well too
Google Ea has given us new way of looking at our cities and neighbourhoods from space. BBC Future visits the satellite factory building to see what coming next. Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. Thans to google for providing us such nice platform
India new PM Narendra Modi has urged his Pakistani counterpa to crack down on militants and speed up the trial of the 2008 Mumbai attacks suspects. Mr Modi held bilateral talks with Nawaz Sharif on his first day in office. The Pakistani leader said they should put the legacy of mistrust behind them and work for peace and stability. Mr Sharif attended Mr Modi swearingin on Monday, amid hopes of thaw in relations between the rivals who have fought three wars since independence. very glad to see both leaders are together Bless you two to go long journey with peace TARAK & SOUVIKNATH BHOBANANDA & CHALANANDA how long CAPGEMINIKOLKATA will fight for you do not forget TCS is there and it has the largest presence in INDIA So how long UK BBC will protect you while there is ALLNEWSCHANNELSACROSSTHEUNIVERSEEXCEPTUK & ALLNEWSCHANNELSACROSSTHEUNIVERSEINCLUDINGUK KENT SUSSEX MIDDLESEX Love You. hope there wil be no war againt live in peace There will be no change Take care of the Women that have been raped and beaten You are their Leader Mr Modi .
Songs from the past can stir powerful emotions and transpo us back in time. BBC Culture explores what happens in our brains when music carries us away. Well if its bbc thats exploring, I maintain distance for I cant trust ur authenticity guys . Thts true.
Millions of birds are killed by oncoming vehicles every year. Why cant they get out of the way? A team has investigated just what clouds their bird brains. Did anybody conduct research why dogs getting hit by vehicles in Indian roads ?.
From dull thudding ache to sharp pains that last for days, what triggers these sensations? BBC Future gets inside our heads to reveal all.
Giant lizard on the loose The new Godzilla film is Hollywood latest attempt at adapting Japan singular monstermovie genre. What explains the Japanese love of giant city stompers? Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. godzilla is roaring P . A kind of thought They stomped and were stomped upon not too long ago .
If animals dream like us, where do they go in their slumber? BBC Future explores how we can peer into the minds of sleeping cats, birds and other creatures. Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. hachiko dreamed of his master . Suppo Arvind Kejriwal.
Is signature still useful? There have been calls to phase out signatures from the banking industry. But have our own personal autographs really had their day? It just fancy writing. The story makes sleep Could have listed some pecific replacements to signatures. Not interested in fancy words. Yes it is needed.it is document facing this activity . Yay, I luv the way the banking industry responds to all my actions And this is welcome move bec I never get signatures the same but my bank is cooperative, and allows lot of mistakes on my pa Love banking Everything changed analogue analogue to digital NO . HOW WILL YOU OPEN A NEW ACCOUNT . TAKE THUMB IMPRESSION ? PICTURE EYE IRIS ? OR HAVE DNA FOR BANKS ?.
Our planet rotation goes almost unnoticed in our daytoday lives, but what would happen if it stopped spinning altogether? Or span in the opposite direction? BBC India the word is spun in the opposite direction, not span. Takes years after saying Winter is coming for winter to come. I already know what happens if it slows down George Ma in made it pretty clear in game of thrones Sankalp Sadanah Shravan Pandit. We humans believe we are the chosen and therefore believe all should be favourable to us. The universe was created for us. But the evidence is mounting that we perhaps are an accident . Guess At night well have day on the day well have night summer changed by winter winter changed by summer I dnt knw xactly. Bt der was hollywood movie whch was made on dis. THE CORE. May its sumthng lyk tht Very scarry to even think of it
Although he never left England, Shakespeare plays are set around the globe and he is the planet most famous playwright. BBC Culture finds out why Shakespeare is the world favourite writer. Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. Moliere is the best play writer in the world and Ta uffe is the greatest play ever written
The search for an Indian climber and two Sherpas who have gone missing in Mount Kangchenjunga has been halted because of bad weather in Nepal. The two went missing at an elevation of around 7,000m 23,000ft after an avalanche in the area on Tuesday. The climber has been identified as Chhanda Gayen. The identity of the Sherpas is not known yet. May lord help them. shocking. I dont care theyre found or not but happy coz theyll famous around the world for wat they did for the country Hah. Hope they are safe and sound. God save them God help them Save it motherland. Need miracle to get alive
We thought these whales were our competitors, feeding off the same fish we rely on. But now we know how much they benefit our lives, in an unusual manner. BBC Future finds out why whale poo is good for the oceans and us. Mirza Anas Baig, take ur allah to sea ride with the whales from pakistan to iran All the creations of ALLAH are with purpose . informative. wht is dis .
Narendra Modi will take the oath as India new prime minister on 26 May, his BJP pa has announced. On Tuesday, he met President Pranab Mukherjee and formally claimed his right to form the government after his pa landslide win in the election. In very emotional speech to them, Mr Modi fought back tears and promised to lead government dedicated to the poor and to young people. Winning of Modi soon should become Case Study at Harvard, because it has high impact on India and its economy it is our country India, we Indians have made him win and his name should be written in the History of India for Glorious win, time has changed now we look for progress rather than any sentiments for pa or any unfair means in Politics as well as in real life Everybody realized the prices for all commodities going high day by day it seems live to death for common man earning for his life to the survival atleast in our own homeland . Marginal & lunatic fringe , elements who are skeptical, deserve outright condemnation Celebrate Modi objectively . lion of india pity on indian people . First he is to take care of inflation?. What happens when doctor makes mistake ? What happens when school teacher makes mistake ? What happens when an army makes mistake ? What happens when an architect makes mistake ? What happens when voter makes mistake ? What happens when an intelligent criminal makes mistake ? What happens when the violent pretend to gandhians and criminals pretend to be vivekanands ??? Vote NOTA. Shame the political mistakes. Vote NOTA. Protest bad politics. Himalaya .
A few years ago, India accounted for half the world cases of polio. Today it is officially clear of the disease. This remarkable feat is largely down to an army of women who, one step at time, have crisscrossed the country on foot to give the underfives polio vaccines. Even Dr.harshvardhn role has to creditd. . We salute the Govt of India and volunteers without whose active pa icipation this would have been dream for Indian people. Also salute common people who made it possible by following Govt guidelines lots of thanks 2thier hard work & love. so great success Thank . killing by vaccine. You guys must appreciate the whole idea of this concept been delivered by Dr. Harshwardhan who was health minister in Bajpayee government introduced with vision to remove polio from india. DrHarshWardhan bjp PolioCleanNation. A lot of Indian vaccination policy is suppo ed by western countries whilst I was in Delhi I met the Kashmiri doctors who was suppo ing another vaccination. Programme suppo ed by I think it was Sweden health is wealth So this is an amazing journey for India and the women who have sacrificing their time to promote health Well dont ladies xx well done India. Great. Effectiveness in the system with the implementation of Social Marketing Campaigns . We have credits like this. Lots of thanks to them. really respect fr women who campain during the pulse polio days.
After global riots in 2007 and 2008,the BBC George Alagiah travelled the world to reveal why we could be heading for food crisis, and what we can do about it.
India Congress pa has rejected an offer by leaders Sonia and Rahul Gandhi to resign after its disastrous election showing, top pa official has said. The offer was made at post election meeting in the capital, Delhi. The pa finished with just 44 of the 543 seats and under 20 of the vote in what was its worst ever performance. Yesterday, Sonia gandhi gave her resignation to Sonia gandhi which was rejected by Sonia gandhi because Sonia gandhi said resignation is not solution of problems created by Sonia gandhi. Sonia Gandhi rejected Rahul Gandhi resignation and Rahul Gandhi rejected Sonia Gandhi resignation All well that ends well, the Gandhi Saga continues, the Theatre of Absurd in full blatant display BC they rejected their resignation offer themselves P P D. ye rahul gandhi ki yuva soch thi ki jo congress of 44 seat mil gayi otherwise ek bhi seat nahi milni thi . What happens if, for the sake of matter, their resignations are accepted? Priyanka Gandhi will be given resposibility. The fact is, Congress is family pa y. Poor Indian National Congress . Both of them have No manners atleast to wish modiji on the eve of his stuoendous victory, which even our enemy pakus have done Next election zero seats. all are finished go to Italy is better way. dont make trouble Worst ever defeat of Congress
India Congress pa has rejected an offer by leaders Sonia and Rahul Gandhi to resign after its disastrous election showing, top pa official has said. The offer was made at post election meeting in the capital, Delhi. The pa finished with just 44 of the 543 seats and under 20 of the vote in what was its worst ever performance. People still licking their boots so shameful when will people get rid of this mental slavery of this family???. He talented no doubt but he needs to bring out his knowledge With proper implementation . Only kind of small drama by Sonia and Rahul ol fake drama boss ds duo shd join circus instead P . And why is Rahul Gandhi smiling when its their worst defeat ? Maybe he expected worst This Gandhi family is biggest froud family in this country. Now one more person joined Vadra this family. They now finish there roots of Gandhi family Dont worry will back soon an in better way. Stop commenting here if you are against them . Jai Hind. Just keep this in mind people Ab is desh ko is desh ke billion log chalayenge Sarkar kisi ki bhi ho. . it does mean people dont count on them its the plants they are reaping what they sown in UPA 2. Congress still believing in digging it grave and now heading towards CONGRESS MUKT BHARAT Referring to the election debacle, the Congress says they owe an explanation to themselves and to the people of India their first priority is themselves. They were elected representatives dont they owe an explanation to the people first ?. Its contradiction towards democracy. Its plan for sonia gandhi. This is due to their wrong policies and deeds. Today we are in 2014 and politicians think that they can lead the people to 1900 which is not possible in the age of information and technology. If the pa ies learn this lesson they will take benefits in the time to come. Otherwise, they will face the worst downfall Brothers dey d main players bfor freedom know plus of Indian illiterate people if dey dont den Congress men know how to control Congress name ghandi aish Karo sabh
A swarm of 100 tiny satellites is poised to launch into orbit, owned by schoolchildren and space enthusiasts. BBC Future finds out what it took to make these tiny travellers fly, and how they avoid posing risk to bigger spacecraft. Stop pollution in Space better spread. ozone hole inspected maybe. New Zealand and skin .
In pictures India election joy for BJP suppo ers Images from across India as the millions of voters celebrate or mourn the results of the country national elections. Its the hand folded request to all the NaMo fans, please lets not become arrogant or show any act of ARROGANCY after the winning of Narendra Modi sir. Lets not DOWN grade the IMAGE of Narendra Modi in front of anybody. By doing this kind of activity we are spoiling the good image of NaMo. With this kind of THUMBING majority it is clear that India needed the best PM and they have VOTED for NaMo. Trust me votes has come from all walks of life, caste and religion. So the people who have not voted him, we will have to make sure that they should vote for NaMo in coming all assembly elections plus 2019 general elections. We will have to WIN the hea of all walks of life, be it poorest or richest. Time has come for the action. Lets work hard and make India most powerful country in the WORLD map. Jai Hind . Mourn is an exaggeration What victory This bjp victory is against unemployment,price hike Its process of capturing the parliament by the corporate houses, in few months people will experience the effect of the change in favour of the corporate and big capital. Ab sab kuchh achha hoga for the Corporate sector. Jai Corporate Hindustan. . Only the Congress would mourn the loss, THEY MUST be depo ed to where they belong This time of Narendra Modi for India as the 3rd biggest Economic in the world Why the Poor still remain in india not only help need to remove pove from the root waht congress govermnetn has failed to .they just distribute the freebies that freebies wonot help out from povety. NDA got 336 due to only Modi. Let us all hope pray there will be changes to help the poor make it better India. I am also one of them.This time Modi Sarkar. This is the moment of celebration and not mourning. After all democracy has won and autocratic people have been weeded out of the system Plzz join everybody this hea touching page True Love Always Dies True Love Always Dies True Love Always Dies True Love Always Dies .
Carnival at BJP headqua ers and dejection at Congress headqua ers in Delhi the truth is, the Indian electorate has rejected scam ridden inept Govt better known for its sheer incompetence, the electorate has thrown out people with reductive mindsets, who are traction on growth trajectory NaMo ROCKS . Congrats BJP. Hope it stands for strong India. Hope it does not turn communal
Should language be as clear and precise as possible? You might think so, but it seems that vague words and mixed messages might help you communicate better.
The X15 is the fastest and highestflying manned aircraft. Decades after its recordbreaking flights, it inspiring new generation of space planes. I hope India will make one of it .
A handful of restaurants across the globe are skipping big dining rooms in favour of more intimate spaces. Of course, staying small does not mean sacrificing substance. Here are five tiny restaurants that all put special spin on pintsize dining experiences.
After hitting the road with Felix, Sarah is forced to turn to ghost from her past, an old flame named Cal Morison. When their brief respite is brutally shattered, Sarah realizes that no matter how far she runs, it will never be far enough. What will happen on this week episiode of Orphan Black Season 2? Catch it tonight at pm on AXN India to find out.
The opposition Hindu nationalist BJP pa has called its predicted landslide win in the Indian election people victory . President Rajnath Singh said it marked the sta of new era for India. Votes counted so far suggest the BJP is on course for the most resounding victory by any pa for thi years, trouncing India Congress Pa y. After decade of rule by Congress, the BJP is expected to steer India sharply to the right. Indians needs good years ahead not days lol. Hopefully for good not evil. His past is sinister and against everything that India stands for BBC dont manipulate news The Congress with its why dont they eat cakes attitude has managed to get hate vote for not only for itself but also for its allies its not about swing to the RightFascismhorror As Ama ya Sen says economics is not only about hard core economic laws but rather an amalgamation of idealism,welfare etc something our dear netas forgot . near about 11 billion hindu want hea ily. Now hindu rashtra going to declare officially and it now should come out from behind the carpet. Drama of secular hypo. Stop Every Indian has High Hopes that Modi as PM is going to fulfill all promises made & make our country powerfull in all spheres Now we will have corruption less and comman man centred Govt. which will ultimately give good years to country Jai ho modi hope dnt parshalty in governing the ppl of india all religion, caste, person are equal in india and plz maintain peace and harmony wit the mino y, this wil add stars to ur personality A request for BBC India, dont use this words like Hindu Nationalism and Muslim Nationalism. India is secular country and media should be extremely cautious while using such word.BBC is the oldest news broadcasting group and they are mature enough to take these things seriously Congress pa will not be back for long years to come.it for sure. Why look at Pakistan. Look at UAE and then compare All india hopes tht there is chngs cm,and plz we all hope tht modi sarkar first findout the prblms of country people Sta of decent. The communalisation will deliver the rest All the best.
If more and more people are living past 100, how much older can we survive to, in theory, asks BBC Future. And what would it take to achieve this in practice?
Are you being watched? It can change your behaviour and choices for the better without you realising, says BBC Future.
A number of exit polls are suggesting that Narendra Modi, the leader of India main opposition BJP, is on course to win the general election. The BJP dominated the campaign but analysts warn that exit polls have often been wrong in the past. All in all it is misleading anxious people by conducting such farcical exit polls. How can prediction be done based on of the sample size having 100 unce ainty Because exit poll is statistical science. It only possible if no counting scam happen. Sampath who is congress loyal can do anything already booth capturing to rigging to voters names missing happened Narendra Modi will win bcz majority of Hindu castes voted for him.Even the core votebanks of BSP and SP which includes people from Jatav and Yadav community of hindu caste system also in large numbers voted for BJP in the name of Narendra Modi.The elections were highly polarised throughout the country with Hindus voting only for Mr.Modi and muslims voting for the candidate in better position to fight the BJP candidate which differd from constituency to constituency and from pa to pa y,in other words muslims throughout the country voted tactically.Since hindus are more than 80 percent in India and with majority of them voting for only Narendra bhai Modi,he becoming PM is ce ainity Wait fr day thn ul be wrong
BBC video footage captures dramatic hunt as hungry emperor penguins are faced with leopard seal on the prowl in the Antarctic waters just below. David Attenborough narrates.
After decades of decline, French has begun major comeback, argues Jason Farago. French food P. Unity in Diverse city no diversity P.
Why the coming years will witness exciting new discoveries about our brains from creating better tools to probe the mind deeper to creating sma nanobots. Unlocking the hidden secrets inside our brains
There more to these coollooking robots than meets the eye, the tech used is helping to improve energy efficiency in more regular products.
Weird and wonderful creatures can thrive in the most hostile pa on the planet, but there are few places too harsh for even the hardiest. BBC Future discovers the last places on Ea without life. informative. highly inrformative.
As the Indian media speak of Modi wave in favour of the leader of India main opposition pa y, the BBC Soutik Biswas looks at the reputation and aura that have built up around him. I think that its nothing changes de policies even change faces. Whatever I would love to say that I want to wish my big brother future modi modi bbc fool people think indian dont have mind wait watch coming soon. Well written icle Balanced views expressed QUESTIONS TO MODI AND HIS FANS 1 WHY Modi ? 2 BJP KE BANK ACCOUNTS ME 1200 CRORE KAISE AAYA? 3 Why did BJP suppo Congress in amending the I act to exclude BJP from I scope? 4 WHY BJP and Congress DO NOT BRING THEIR PA Y UNDER I? 5 WHY BJP AND CONGRESS ARE ALWAYS TOGETHER IN quickly approving THREEFOLD 300 HIKE IN SALARIES OF MPs ? TOTAL expense for MP per year 32,00,000 i.e . 2,66,000 rupees per month AND STILL BJP AND CONGRESS MPs make HUGE CORRUPTION. 6 WHY BJP and Congress DO NOT PUBLISH RECORDS OF ALL THE MONEY THAT THEY GET FUNDED FOR ELECTIONS? 7 Why did you appoint corrupt GADKARI as incharge of Delhi elections who is in Pu scam? SEE BJP CORRUPTION Gadkari Dam scandal, Kargil coffin scandal, UTI scam, Disinvestment scam, Petrol pump allotment scam, HUDCO scam, Tehelka scandal Petrol pump scandal Karnataka mine scandal Yediyurappa mining scandal Hawala scandal Cash for vote scandal Looting of natural resources in Chattisgarh MPJharkand Money for asking questions in parliament, Chopper deal scam, Broker like Ranjan Bhatacharya and involvement in coal scam and the list goes on WHY SO MUCH CORRUPTION BY BJP? 9 IS IT RIGHT TO SPY A MARRIED LADY? DEFINITELY TRUTH SHOULD COME OUT. MADHURI SONI IS AN ARCHITECT AND AN EDUCATED LADY. SHE IS MARRIED. But then, why use all his machinery to SNOOP married woman? Why no answer to these simple questions??. Modi right pm for india . acche din aane wale hai.
The search for treasure that has claimed thousands of lives leads to modern day lake near Bogota, Colombia. .
Last week episode showed Alison struggling with Aynsley death and Cosima grappling with the worsening symptoms of her mysterious sickness, while Sarah enlists A help to find Kira and is shocked when she learns where the trail leads. What will happen on this week episiode of Orphan Black Season 2? Catch it tonight at pm on AXN India to find out.
TV dramas based on complex domestic relationships, often between brides and their mothersinlaw, have riveted Indians for over decade. BBC Culture repo on the family affairs in Indian soap operas. Sonya Patel this made me think of you X. HEHAM AND GOPI. One has to look at it from different layers. Firstly, political leaders, Priyanka Gandhi, Mayawati, Lallu Mulayam Yadavs are using caste, religion and so on have never gone away and unable to think of progress in India . That has always been very very bad pa of Indian Political system however election commission is not stopping rather keeping quite.In fact such pa like Congress Priyaka Gandhi, , SP,BSP, RJD etc are doing only CASTReligion politics and The question really to ask is whether that is incrementally becoming lower. It is not something that is going to be corrected overnight. I do think that amongst the younger people pa icularly, with urbanisation and semiurbanisation, in purely incremental terms, the emphasis on VOTE SUPPO BJP . I love my mom she watches them that I like them Sallo BBC walo tumare jo abhi chal rahi ha news channel us may be 10 Sa jada indian log hai and wht ever money make on this post is also cose of indian ppl and thr tv shws Cute and nice They luk demented seriously out of luck couple My country, loser country, permanently in 13th century, BC
Located 1,000km from Tokyo, Japan 30island Bonin archipelago was never pa of larger land mass leading to wealth of biodiversity that wo the 25hour ferry ride. BBC Travel brings you to the islands where foxes fly Jabardast News Champcash Company Earn more me Fix income ka Source launch karne ja rhe hai Company aapko Hafte me Baar Survey Dia Karegi or Usse har Person ko Rs Tak Milenge Survey Complete karne Ke. 1 Week Survey 1 Month Minimum Survey Per Person Isse Fix income aane Lagegi or Aapko Logo ko MB bhi Kharch Nahi karne Padenge Badi Badi Companies se Champcash ki Baat Final Stage Par Chal rhi hai or Agle Mahine me Suvey aane sta bhi Ho Jaenge Socho Kitni Income ho Sakti hai If Team 10,000 Persons Survey Completes Per Month 80,000 Approximate Commission You Will Earn Upto Levels Rs. Per Survey Completed by Person Income Per Month Rs 80,000 Per Month Dosto Bus Kuch Din ka Or Intezaar hai Uske Baad Toofaan Aane waala Hai Income ka Champcash Me Raffer Id of sponser542905 Adhik jaankari ke liye whatsapp kare 9719843538 Jai Champcash. Kindly show us news on Congressmen of indulging in booth capturing in Amethi with help of police man
What is rainbow? Ea Unplugged reveals all by creating them, and explains why you never get to the end of one. it is mixture of white colour in vch white colour splitted due reflection & refraction thus forms VIBGYOR colours vch forms rainbow refreshing. Lovely Looking very nice. Very nice picture in nature Great . beautiful scene of nature. It logic.
Is there anywhere left on Ea where it impossible to access the internet? There are few places, but you have to go out of your way to find them, discovers BBC Future. Come to India There are lot of places .
Did you catch BBC Orphan Black Season premiere last Friday? With Sarah out of options, she on the run and being tracked by deadly adversaries. She suspects that proclone Rachel is behind the disappearance of Kira and ignites all out war against her. Allison sinks into guilt and depression after attending Aynsley funeral. Cosima is confronted with decision that could have calamitous results. What will happen on this week episiode of Orphan Black Season 2? Catch it tonight at pm on AXN India to find out.
India Election Commission has accused the main opposition BJP prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi of violating the election code. He breached poll laws by flashing his pa symbol and making political speech while voting was going on in the seventh phase of the election, it said. Mr Modi addressed journalists and suppo ers after casting his vote in his home state of Gujarat. now situation is like that whatever modi do is tha crime in election commission point of view they ignore all other pa members like abu azami lalu yadav One word for him Ahankaari BC BBC he got clean chit by Gujrat Police as he was more than 100 metre away from Polling Booth . BBCSucks. He should have avoided it. Bbc always anti india. Not deserving candidate at all if rules rules then they same for all politicians. a kind request to bbc plz stay updated with things then update BBC. what would have happened to bjp if modi had not been there??? what will happen after modi??? we should never suppo pa full of who have no respect to others and with no future and no proper system they are exploiting and brainwashing the poor and the illiterate in the no my state has 100 literary rate and bjp has never won here and people with brain will not waste their authority to cast to vote by giving their vote to bjp. U wrote this post but didnt that he got clean chit u blind bbc? Or u afraid?. I think bbc always like to see poor India. Government needs transparency,administration needs efficiency,countrie needs security,so we need MODI. Each day inching ahead into new parliamentce ainly BJP dominant institution that To me NDA is UPA in it comprehensive totality of incompetence of misrule and corruption with additional undesirable sectarian hindu fundamentalism blended with unconstitutional apa heid. Also extreme rightist capitalism,imperialism and fundamentalism is inclusive. BUT my appeal to you before the last few rounds of voting. Have you asce ained MODI view on 1 exclusion of RADIA factor in formation of central cabinet. 2change of system by making indian administrative service accountable for achieving welfare for people through system whose custodian and protector they are instead of acting as tamed servant to their political masters. That is how and when MODI will bring administrative,electoral and police reforms. 3regulate our wo hy private sector into judiciously earning and ensured public welfare producing monitored segment. 4 is his idea of referring to Hon. Supreme Cou the affidavits of criminal contestants to parliament for scrutiny is constitutional will be ente ained? Who is the appropriate authority to make such request P.M or parliament ? Before you vote please have an answer to these if it deems fit to you
Airliners have become steadily bigger in an effo to take fit in more passengers and drive down the cost of tickets. Could new outsized design change the way we fly? Keep it sml and simple man smaller the size lesser the number of emergence in the plan
BBC Orphan Black Season 2, hits the ground running with Sarah Golden Globe nominee Tatiana Maslany in desperate race to find her missing daughter Kira wild pursuit that brings her headtohead with ruthless proclone, Rachel. Orphan Black Season premieres tomorrow, 25 April at pm on AXN India.
The real reason people dont go out in Delhi isnt crime or overcrowding. It severe air pollution. BBC Capital addresses what the pollution means for residents and expats, what the city is trying to do to correct it, and the future outlook. Will the poor air quality deter expats and businesses from locating in the city? Would you work here? I was there for three months to do an internship I would struggle to live there long term because of the pollution people mind would be clean. if not nobody would not be work there. I keep my fingers crossed that everything will be fine again and all quickly be healthy again , Respect. I want safe city in every respect. Dhongress is smeling bad in delhi now uh ?. It is side effect of more population, more buildings, more transpo , more immigration, and more than more facilities available to them. Muslims believe when more than enough is generated, degenerative changes will occur. britain is becoming very polluted as well. lol. work there ? I wouldnt even visit there. I be raped in second flat and masturbated to and stared at and followed every second of the day And yes, people do go out every single day and night to work or to pa Uhm Ive been born and brought up in Delhi. And it not as bad Correction it not bad at all as YOU people po ray it to be. And by YOU I mean westerners and the media
Shelby American winning homage to famous Cobra
Indians are voting in the biggest day of the general election pitting the ruling Congress pa against the main opposition BJP. Polling takes place in 121 seats in 12 states, including the key states of Karnataka, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Maharashtra and West Bengal. Polling has been already completed in 111 seats, and voter turnout in most states has been higher than in 2009. With all of its 28 seats going to polls on Thursday, the southern state of Karnataka is key battleground. who will pass the gate?. Whenever turnout is high,there is big change in the results Vote for modi .i wish win Bjp and shiri Nrender modi pm bne India People really wish to an escape from congress BJP will win. In this pic which place is it friends let me know. Bjp will lead India MODIFIED India Cheers to Democracy .
Leila Janah thought the internet could help bridge the geographic and cultural divides that had traditionally kept people living in pove around the world from finding work. So in 2008 she sta ed Samasource, business that trains poor people in East Africa, India and Haiti to do work online. Janah calls it microwork simple, computerbased tasks like photo tagging that can be easily taught and are outsourced from big companies like Getty Images, Google and Walma . Hats off to her effo s. Much needed task in these hate times . Beautiful work.
Modern car engines are full of sensors and sma technology that can make them complicated to repair. Can pair of futuristic glasses help guide the way? BBC Future explores how to fix car without mechanic. Shining microsoft
Why are staid luxury fashion houses going mad for furry critters and crazy creatures? BBC Culture profiles an unlikely trend.
Would greater controls on gun ownership save lives or simply limit freedom? It is the debate that renews after every mass shooting in the US. In August 2012 six people were shot dead at Sikh temple in Wisconsin by white supremacist. Frustrated by the lack of action in Congress and what he deemed insufficient attention to the massacre by President Barack Obama, the son of one of the victims is running for Congress on gun control platform. James Coomarasamy repo on Amar Kaleka upsta challenge to 2012 Republican VicePresidential candidate Paul Ryan. More guns more mass attacks on religious places, schools, universities, theatres etc more loss of innocent lives.
Despite having female prime minister as long ago as 1966, women in India have historically remained marginal in politics and political pa ies have made little effo to woo them. But female voter turnout has been steadily rising while male voter pa icipation has remained unchanged over the past 50 years, trend observers say cant be ignored as India holds its 16th general election. The difference in voter turnout in general elections among men and women has narrowed drastically from 16.7 in 1962 to 4.4 in 2009. 100 yrs behind china .
A magistrate who posted picture of himself holding an AK47 rifle on Twitter has been suspended while an investigation takes place. Derby city councillor Ajit Atwal has apologised for the photograph, which was taken on holiday in India. Council leader Paul Bayliss, complained about Liberal Democrat Mr Atwal to the Derbyshire Advisory Committee on Justices of the Peace. Holiday in India or not this is unacceptable I have lots of of friends from India and they dont get on like this should be ashamed of yourself. Think before if your Sikh or Muslim get photo with AK 47 Idiot . ppl should have Just loughed ove it an moved on instead of this unnecessary fuss. Jatt josh che hosh gava baitha,chalo maf karo ik baar. He got carried away while at his native place,spare him once. .
ExEngland batsman Kevin Pietersen says he is not out to make point when the Indian Premier League gets under way. Pietersen, 33, was told he was no longer pa of the national team plans after the Ashes whitewash. England only player in the IPL will captain Delhi Daredevils, who paid PS880,000 to resign him in the auction.
At least six people have been killed after the bus they were travelling in caught fire in India southern state of Karnataka, police said. The bus, carrying 29 passengers, was travelling from Davanagere to Bangalore, when leak in the fuel tank caused the blaze. Twelve people were injured in the accident. Bus crashes are common in India and often caused by poorly maintained vehicles, overloading and bad driving. Why guys not showing jammu kashmir in India map ??. volvo buses shud banned. . . . as in a.p many cases wr seen lik dis. Unfo unately
Global drinks giant Diageo has said it will launch $1.9bn tender offer to complete its plan to acquire majority stake in India United Spirits Ltd USL . Already the largest shareholder in USL with 28.8 , Diageo is now seeking to purchase an additional 26 stake. The increased stake in USL could give Diageo an influential position in the world largest whisky market. The company continues to expand in emerging economies. bigger the company the greedier they get
A bank worker has been jailed for life for murdering his wife in bid to stop her revealing his homosexuality. Jasvir Ram Ginday, 29, from Walsall, attacked Varkha Rani at their home with metal pipe from vacuum cleaner. He strangled her then burnt her body in garden incinerator. Hang him till death. shame on him disgusting people.
Do humans have an innate sense of morality? If so, where does it exist in the brain and how did it get there? BBC Future shows how scientists looking into the minds of babies and criminals are rewriting our ideas of right and wrong. Have good scientific reading about this
An unconventional strategy Is pay what you wish recipe for financial disaster? Baloch want freedom balochistan, indians suppo baloch national plz.
As India and Afghanistan go to the polls, historian William Dalrymple reflects on the similarities and differences between the two countries. we are far better than afgan. Bbc must know this fact Please dont compare terrorist Islamic republic bombistan with India The author concludes that democracy will prevail. FYI it has always prevailed as far as India is concerned. Wonder why the author makes such random generalizations What the hel Comparing India to Afghanistan? . What? ? India is much better than afghanistan. . There no way to make comparison between both countries. Because we re peaceful country and talented ,more sophiscated people ,even modernism than afghanistan
On 13 April 1984, Indian troops snatched control of the Siachen glacier in no hern Kashmir, narrowly beating Pakistan. Thi years later, the two sides remain locked in standoff, but the Indian army mountaineer who inspired the operation says his country must hang on whatever the cost. Vi ually hidden from public view, the world highest conflict is moving into its fou decade. The struggle between India and Pakistan over the Siachen glacier has even spawned new term oropolitics , or mountaineering with political goal. Jai Hind. Salute our troops Indian filthy army killed more than laks muslims in kashmir.Destroyed houses , schools, mosques.Indian army keep continuing hooliganism in kashmir by firing on the protesters. Kashmiris hate india and will hate for ever. Free kashmir. Pakistan and Bangladesh the epitomes of moth eaten state ,think abt ur future wisely only one month to wait, Then Pakistan will thrice thousand times before looking into Indian borders, any kind of activity from Pakistan will lead to serious retaliation. Indians ko darne ki jarurat nhi if they believe tgemselves to true indians despite of their religion hindu ho ya muslim ya ho sikh ya ho christain bs first should truee indian by hea islia long live india aur salute to our indian army. Long live soldiers. jai hind. It is amazing that all the countries of the world put such tremendous effo into annexing land, while all countries have so many in the land they already had which that cant feed, or send to school. Perhaps when the people stop buying into the idea of might is great, they will demand that weapons be auctioned off for money for food, and school books Billion Salutes to Our Soldiers thank you brother. They are our real hero salute and head off . Praud for our troops, salute. Wat above is written is story of film, wanna see reality come to kashmir and will welcomed by pak troops at siachin, . and Meer stay in moth eaten country. all those funds could be used for the needy instead. just sayin. . Kashmir is Hindustans Hea ull never get nd Mr Modi is really Lion of Hindustan Jai Hind. During Kargil war ive seen how patriotic the atmosphere was.Entire Delhi cantt area was jampacked with young men pouring in trucks chanting slogans of Bharat Mata ki Jai desperate to be get enrolled into the military.They wanted to fight for their mother nation lacs of them rich and the poor
Two bombs planted by suspected Maoist rebels have killed at least 12 people in the eastern Indian state of Chhattisgarh as voting continues in the general election. The first blast hit bus carrying election officials in Bijapur district, police said, killing seven. The second attack half an hour later killed five police in an ambulance in the Bastar district. Is this democracy country Wheres al the police?? Each and everyday moiast huntd over Although, would love to be called communist Violence is unacceptable in the country of Gandhi We must pluck maoism by its roots to restore peace . This is because poor and rich imbalance of equality.
Strictly speaking, the steering wheel is obsolete. Technology now allows us to control vehicle trajectory using drivebywire or steerbywire systems. Simply put, this means electrical signals can alter the movement of car wheels, rather than relying on mechanical connection between the wheel, steering rack, front axle and front wheels. What about joystickcontrolled car? think jezza did this test with saab , probably been in the old top gear of the early 90 . want it as its awesome. First time read full deshbhakt and dharm admiring lines by girl, yes you deserve respect and thousands of salute . People are use to the old way of driving with wheel. It is so ingrained. This would be hard road to travel Is it on road now .??? Nd whts the brand . wow it super. awesome reday to hv it. what is this. I invent this. Good.Needs trail on high speed lane and drivers hang without steering wheel Strictly speaking the Car too is obsolete .
A video of ship supposedly searching for the debris of the MH370 flight has been widely shared on social media and picked up by news organisations including British newspaper. The problem is it has nothing to do with the search at all. BBCTrending looks at the fake MH370 search video that went viral.
The world biggest voting spectacle has sta ed in India with thousands of candidates aspiring to become MPs. Candidates from all pa ies are touring the length and breadth of their constituencies to woo voters. The BBC Monitoring profiles some of the most hotlycontested seats. its spectacle all right .
What role will social media play in the elections in India? Will it help the 100 million first time voters find voice? Mukul Devichand and the BBCtrending team are in Bangalore and will host special live broadcast on BBC World Service at 13.30 local time0800 GMT on Friday. What questions would you like to ask the panel of guests? If youre in Bangalore and would like to apply to be in the audience, email trending to find out more. after so much of hussle and bussle only 61 people casted vote in delhi. vote for congress. Following your Coverage All over the nation Bbc world News . Only 10 coz of unsettledness
Most professionals still aspire to take step up the corporate ladder to management position with better salary. But the management school of hard knocks includes lot of beginners mistakes. New managers, dont make these newbie mistakes
Kumar Sangakkara guided Sri Lanka to sixwicket victory over India to win the World Twenty20 in Mirpur and end run of four defeats in global finals. Sangakkara, playing his final Twenty20 international, scored 52 not out as Sri Lanka chased down 131 in 17.5 overs. Tight Sri Lanka bowling had limited India to 1304 despite Virat Kohli sublime 77 off 58 balls. Sri Lanka were beaten in the 2007 and 2011 World Cup finals and the 2009 and 2012 World T20 finals. Great game guys superb bowling at the death overs and kept cool while batting. Sri Lanka will be playing all the finals of ICC world cups because they dont have the bad time in cricket. Sri Lanka say thanks yuvaraj shing because he most help you.
These young multimillionaires may have been in nursery when you got your first job. What do they know that the rest of us dont? For the young and extremely affluent, life is complicated mix of spending and saving that includes buying big ticket items like cars, houses, alcohol and handbags, travelling around the world and reinvesting in their businesses to make even more money.
Every day people around the globe drink 1.6 billion cups of coffee and around twice as many cups of tea. They enjoy the taste and the fact that the caffeine wakes them up. But when were exho ed to drink six or eight glasses of water day disputed figure that Ive discussed previously , it usually emphasised that drinks like coffee and tea dont count towards your daily liquid total because theyre dehydrating. Or so were told. What the evidence? coffee coffee coffee chaay chaay chaay . Who drinks coffee out of glass Really Gud for coffee & tea producing nations. that not true. It simply takes longer for these drinks to break down before the benefits are seen. As well, you are to drink just under litre of water per day. This has just been proven in huge weight loss study. If you drink that amount you will lose more weight. If you drink more you wont
America has laid claim to the biggest population of ultra high netwo UHNW individuals for years, but it not the only country with massive amounts of wealth. There are about 200,000 people with more than $30 million in assets dotted around the globe and much of that money is concentrated in five countries, according to WealthX, Singaporebased company that tracks the world UHNW population. Globally, these superrich hold $27.7 trillion in assets, with staggering 83 of that held in the US, Germany and Japan. But with the rich getting richer nearly everywhere, countries like China and India could one day ove ake America wealth dominance. People of America depends on chemical products mostly, thatswhy they cant live longer life,.
Veteran Indian politician LK Advani has agreed to contest the upcoming general election from the western state of Gujarat after initially rejecting the seat assigned by his pa y. His refusal had plunged India main opposition BJP into crisis ahead of the elections due in April and May. Mr Advani is worried he may not get adequate suppo from the state pa y, led by Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi, who is the BJP PM candidate. The two share an uneasy relationship. Advani was more sober choice as PM for BJP Modi is the next PM in waiting like this man. knaw some one beyond lightened. No modi will be pm Zeeshan Abbasi. dont worry veteran sir.u can do it just show it to the people of india.best of luck.
Toyota, the world largest car manufacturer, announced it will end lockout dispute at its two India factories. It said employees can return to work as long as they sign contract promising good conduct. Negotiations over wage increase, which have been going on for the past 10 months, remain unresolved. Toyota had instituted the lockout after saying some employees had threatened supervisors. of all the commodities, I think human labour should be the most expensive. Companies should provide good pay to its employee .
A cou in the Indian city of Mumbai has sentenced four men to life in prison for the gang rape of an 18yearold telephone operator. The woman was attacked in an abandoned textile mill last July. Three of those sentenced on Friday have also been convicted of the gang rape of photojournalist last August. Sentencing in that case will take place on Monday. Both trials were completed within seven months in fast track cou . The 22yearold photojournalist, an intern with Mumbaibased English magazine, had gone to the Shakti Mills former textile mill that now lies abandoned with male colleague on photo assignment when she was attacked. Her colleague was beaten during the assault. death sentenced. Very light punishment they should make them crush by steam roller on the road They serves it right . Y that is the justice. They must be hanged at the crossing. They should all receive the Death Penalty, esp committing one offence after the other. They need to be held accountable for their heinous crimes How many death sentence will be given in this country, what needed is not sentences after sentences We need one stop emergency prevention Like 911 in western countrys And yes not on paper but on ground levels Hang them high. soooo of them are serial gang rapists? Why were they not in prison???. Good one. Shoot them sometimes think in no hwest pakistan they retaliate the same is right to let them go through the same agony the victim oges for no fault of her but may bring in human rights .do these people seem to be humans.
India made it two comfo able wins out of two at the World Twenty20 with sevenwicket victory over defending champions West Indies in Mirpur. well played.
China and India have their eye on the energy potential of the vast Brahmaputra river. Will new wave of megadams bring power to the people or put millions at risk? Navin Singh Khadka repo from Assam, India. On the banks of the Brahmaputra it is hard to get sense of where the river sta and ends. It begins far away as Tibetan mountain stream. On the floodplains of Assam, though, its waters spread as far as the eye can see, merging with the horizon and the sky.
Is there anywhere left utterly free of manmade sound? In the first of series for BBC Future called Last Place on Ea h, Rachel Nuwer sets out to find havens where silence still rules but discovers that avoiding civilisation clatter is harder than it seems. In fact, there one human noise you will never escape. italy, upa chairperson will love it.
An Indian comedian aiming to skewer India skin lightening culture has filmed satirical adve for an intimate skin lightening cream especially for men. Its creators say they want to highlight the absurdity of the trend in which lighter skin is considered more desirable. The video has been viewed more than 200,000 times since it was posted on YouTube on Friday. The mock adve stars young man played by comedian Varun Thakur who cannot find wife because he is too dark. bbc loves caste and skin colour topics related to india. one can doutebley vanish. the grass is always greener on the other side of the world
Veteran Indian soldiers in Myanmar who took up arms to fight against the British to secure Indian independence are demanding that they should qualify for freedom fighter pension from the Indian government. Thousands of Indian soldiers joined militia formed by charismatic Bengali leader Subash Chandra Bose in the final years of the independence struggle. With help from Hitler and imperial Japan he formed the Indian National Army INA to fight against British colonial rule. Bose even travelled to Berlin during the war to seek Hitler help in providing arms and training. Indian officers and soldiers of the British Indian Army who were captured by the Japanese in the eastern front during the early years of World War Two switched their loyalty to Bose and formed the core of the INA. India is proud to have patriot like u. That they hav not been given pensio till date is crime It shd given without delay Real Hero no knws how he died.ironic . I think they are right they did definitely get pensions he had vision and went overboard in his action an inspiration, everyone must know about subhash chandra boss bbc is great and their services are turely appreciatiable. A great leader of the East. He has proved his leadership by ousting the Britishers from India. With his vision British imperialism has ended in the world. A unique leader of India will be remembered in the world for his heroic deeds. His comrades who fought from any country should be given pension by the Government of India subject to proving themselves to be pa of Indian National Army INA . At that time Burma Now Myanmar was also pa of India. This matter is of national pride for Indian people Salute to the azad hind soldiers. I did not like the companionship with hitler every soldier of azad Hind Fauz should be honoured by the President of India and their names should be engraved on memorial which should be built near India Gate and Special Medals for valour should be given to them besides the army pension. If he got his freedom for india that time, and still he was our president means, surely he would been killed like Gadafi and Husain by Indian People They did whatever they could do for motherland they desreve. If corrupt indian polititians can get it by looting country give them.
Effo have begun to launch highbudget and highprofile football competition in India. Taking inspiration from the popular Indian Premier League in cricket, there are preliminary talks of similar competition for football. The spo already has plenty of followers due to the popularity of overseas leagues especially in Europe. Simon Atkinson repo from Mumbai. new play studying play. that will be great . Great. we waiting if gov and ppl work together may it work faster them our imagination I love football we shouldnt be as crazy in cricket as weare
Media are calling on the government to declassify an Indian army repo that analyses the reasons for the country crushing defeat in the 1962 war with China over disputed Himalayan border areas. no pa nor any govt. will be doing yhis. Save Democracy .
A landmark effo by the Indian state of Karnataka to connect isolated protected forests could lead to the building of Asia largest unbroken forest, writes Jay Mazoomdaar. It been all about connecting the green dots. Since 2012, the southern state of Karnataka has declared nearly 2,600 sq km 1,000 sq miles of forests as protected areas, linking series of national parks, tiger reserves and sanctuaries. Finally some positive news about India by BBC India Great but malabaris destroy it. Very good job . people wish to see more good things like this. it been done coz the state desperately needs an uninterrupted elephant corridor. due to dispersed locations of forests, tuskers are quite frequently invading into populated areas and causing damage to crops. few years ago, they entered large city and wrecked havoc too. atleast, gov is doing something good. Karnataka my pride other states shoud follow. Lead with example and rest to follow. . Lets hope Karnataka will have Asia largest unbroken forest I sincerely pray. If this succeeds, it would be step in the right direction and an example for the rest of the country and the world to follow that great news. Making difference . Karnataka is the worst state in India, in politics and collecting taxes and more worse is police depa ment Thats
The bacteria in our guts can influence the working of the mind, says Frank Swain. So could they be upgraded to enhance brainpower? Or downgraded to create stupidity?. Let see this repo that how vegetarian can have benefits Awesome information BBC.
Growing up in the no hern Indian city of Bhopal, Chet Kanojia and his friends would smuggle palmsized transistors into school to listen to live commentary of cricket matches. It may have been his first exposure to what Indians call jugaad cheap but reliable solution to problems through improvisation. Today, he is threatening to topple the titans of America television industry with what could easily qualify as masterstroke of Indian jugaad. Our country have such many talented people, however we just need stage to performs. A correct platforms though . resting jothisha. India Software Engineer are renowned in every pa of the world and I am proud be the among one
Google Glass is changing the way we perceive the world by offering users an augmented reality through wireless technology. Information including text, video and still images hovers in front of the wearer eye, as the wearer connects to the internet or issues voice commands. The technology caused sensation when it was launched last year, and now ists are using it to expand the way we experience . Viewpoint of Billions by David Datuna is an interactive installation that was recently shown at the National Po rait Gallery in Washington. While 3D viewing has become commonplace, the combination of sculpture, collage, and Google Glass enables visitors to enter the fou dimension. You always with us M.J
India political pa ies are campaigning for general elections in April and May. The vote pits the governing Congress pa yled coalition against the opposition BJP and its allies. The BJP is led by the charismatic and controversial Hindu nationalist leader, Narendra Modi, masks of whom are seen being worn by suppo ers above. Controversial leader ?? Doesnt BBC respects indian COU ???. Sr.leadership vhp vs RSS namo today Bjp ?. Dont back Modi. Vote for TMC. This bluffing man dont know the history of our country. He cant become PM forsure. Where is the turban? guys Why do Western media call him Hindu nationalist????? BBC, this wasnt expected from you sensible lot BBC being an foreign channel can be expected to be unbiased so they rightly stated Feku not only is hindu leader but bluffmaster leader. AAP is puppet in Western hand. Please read about the magsaysay award and ford foundation funding. Modi hase changed Gujarat. Esp the villages are 100 with electricity. This is the fact. Ask inany town of Gujarat
England stuttering form continued as they lost to India by 20 runs in their final warmup match before they sta their World Twenty20 bid in Bangladesh. best pic. son are we back to the past? Dad no dear, it just repost Are you interested in working on website that can bring you $100 to $200 month? If you are, keep reading. You want to work from home two to three hours day? This website is about clicking on ads and doing mini tasks in English language. That why you must have at least basic knowledge of English. Payment for your work is made to your account that you must open with the bank so it can pay you from $2 smallest payment to however much you make on the website. There are no fixed working hours, youre expected to work when you can make the time and you get paid according to your work performance.Thousands members from India and India forum on site You can look purely informative site without obligation to register Keep in mind that if you register on this website, youre not liable in any way, no investment nor payments are expected from you. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Watch BBC Spo guide to the Indian Premier League ahead of the 2014 season, which takes place from April until June. The tournament consists of eight teams and will be jointly hosted by the United Arab Emirates, Bangladesh and India. The opening matches will be held in the UAE and Bangladesh to avoid clash with the country general election. One of the sides taking pa are Delhi Daredevils and they will be captained by former England batsman Kevin Pietersen.
How did these plastic bricks become pa of so many of our childhoods? BBC Culture explores the history and appeal of the colourful toys that architects love.
Media are mulling whether India has made the right move by deciding not to back Western sanctions imposed on Russia after it annexed the Ukrainian territory of Crimea. Several newspapers quote government sources as saying that India has never suppo ed unilateral sanctions against any country Therefore, we will also not suppo any unilateral measures by country or group of countries. The sources added that this was in line with India policy of implementing sanctions approved only by the United Nations. let me put this straight, accepting Crimea fate is not good for india. Because we have our own crimea in the form of kahshmir. staying quite is better for us. Plus russia is the only industrialised nation that suppo india, this time it needs us. mutually beneficial to all. as far as the unilateral sanctions are concerned. Where is inida stand on Iran oil sanciton, where india as quitely lowered its oil impo from tehran mounting to USA pressure. its game of friendship and mutual benefit. BBC. India should Russia Crimea was pa of Russia . Indias policy of non interferance in the tussdle between Russia and the US is appreciated back home by aqll Indians It is perhaps one of the wisest decisions. Russia is friend of India. Russia suppo ed India in all it problems and It is good that India has set an example by standing in favor of Russia that we Indians are not U.S puppets like European countries. why cant the world see that NATO is surrounding Every country and their unchallenged position has to be stopped.what Russia did justifies their Internal security concerns and balance of power in the world.Both India, China favor Russia in this matter Just one thing india should totally be on Russian side. Vanga predicted dissociating of Crimea from Ukraine Sofia will burn up, then and in Kiev will become as for us, and Crimea will go away, such was predictions of famous prophet 20 years back, pass Bulgarian MASSMEDIA In one of days of republic will go back to Russia. Socialism will return in new form. Again there will be Soviet Union, but new, Vanga talked in 1991 during meeting with professor Dimitrom Filipovym. We have very much good relations with ussr. Good realation ship. Running after America , we have neglected our soul mates Russian s. crimea belongs to russia if usa doent like it it can go itself. It is NATO media that is mulling not Indian Media . The Godfather has peaceful friends. it was wr0ng step . fooding bud bigcats raje ush. bharat ko russia ke sath hona chahiye 100 kamjor desh wale dosto se acha majbut desh ka sath achha hota hai Why do Media need to mull Media just need to Repo There are others to do the mulling pa So BBC just chill we can say that india is not interested in this matter because this is game of power play for Russia and USA EU Double standards Are you interested in working on website that can bring you $100 to $200 month? If you are, keep reading. You want to work from home two to three hours day? This website is about clicking on ads and doing mini tasks in English language. That why you must have at least basic knowledge of English. Payment for your work is made to your account that you must open with the bank so it can pay you from $2 smallest payment to however much you make on the website. There are no fixed working hours, youre expected to work when you can make the time and you get paid according to your work performance.Thousands members from India and India forum on site You can look purely informative site without obligation to register Keep in mind that if you register on this website, youre not liable in any way, no investment nor payments are expected from you. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Veteran Indian politician LK Advani has rejected his pa proposal to contest the upcoming general election from the western state of Gujarat. The main opposition BJP nominated him from Gandhinagar on Wednesday night. Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi, who is the BJP PM candidate, has met Mr Advani to persuade him to rethink. Advani dismissed force by modi just wait same is going to happen with modi after electoins results. Mr modi , can pls clean r team sir Ji , corrupt,criminal ,convicted ,n r team sir ? How we bileave you clean our country ?. sea help realised. Advani is acting like spoiled child He is damaging himself more than anybody else His time is gone we had already seen in 2009 election Next generation of BJP MUST take charge of pa either Modi or somebody else The older leaders MUST MUST make way for new generation leaders This is not one FAMILY pa MAA ,Beta,BETI The sooner this elder leaders understand better for country and better for pa 2014 India do not want status quo Elder leaders will be always respected if they allow NEW generation leaders and new India to FLY on their OWN wings Namaste
One of India best known authors and journalists, Khushwant Singh, has died aged 99, his family says. A prolific writer, he wrote dozens of novels and sho story collections. He also edited several magazines and newspapers in the 1970s and 80s. Khushwant Singh novel, Train to Pakistan, based on the bloody pa ition of India in 1947, was made into film. He also served term as an MP and was given the Padma Vibhushan, civilian award, by the government. Mr Singh, died at his home in the Indian capital, Delhi, after suffering from respiratory trouble, his family said on Thursday. India will never be the same without him . hs wrk wl be appreciated for ages salute this respected person Man of humour & candid writings but he was from rich family and most creation was towards rich society. love his sho story THE SNAKE. salute to our indian. salute to our India . we lost great author our india still has recognition becoz of this authors,writers,and some other great personalities it is very sad salute to our India . May his soul rest in peace . We loss grate resourse. Good author sorry for loss. really we lost friend. Great author, visionary and human being Just coincidence that I am reading his book which I got from the library yesterday and later read the news about his sad demise Indian will definitely miss him, being such unique writer . Ull always be in our hea s. may his soul rest in peace.
A cou in the Indian city of Mumbai has convicted four men of the gang rape of photojournalist last year. The men have been found guilty of five offences, including gang rape, unnatural sex and destruction of evidence. Sentencing is set for Friday. The fifth accused, believed to be under 18 at the time of the incident, is being tried in juvenile cou . The 22yearold woman was attacked by five men while on assignment in dese ed mill in August. www.bbc.comnewsworldasiaindia26660183?OCID fbbbcindia No word just hang then. Hanging wont stop the crime going on they must be handed to the public. Rapists should be punished. They just deserve capital punishment. Pl dont forgave these women eaten Devils. Shoot them. death sentence is must t0 justify with the m0therand. Hanging might stop these crimes but that will be deterrent . They should not be given bail.
At least 65 people were killed and 51,000 people mostly Muslims were displaced after HinduMuslim clashes in the no hern Indian town of Muzaffarnagar in September. As India gets ready for the general elections which begin in less than month, BBC Hindi Nitin Srivastava visits camp to hear the concerns of those still living there, too fearful to return home. Shocking facts. SP doing nothing but making vote bank politics. . Dear All . India today has the largest population of youngsters Very unfo unate another generation is all geared to go dwn the dooms I find it really strange people in this era wth so much knowledge still can be misguided I fail to understand hw can people be so stupid to clash in the name of religion Funny pa is the influence comes who them self are not practicing any religion What shame if modi became pm afraid India every state becomes muzaffernagar . Very sad situation.god bless them. Hindu jats were also killed in large numbers police and administration of state of Uttar Pradesh where Muzaffarnagar falls acted biased towards hindu jats was main reason for the riots Dear All . India today has the largest population of youngsters Very unfo unate another generation is all geared to go dwn the dooms I find it really strange people in this era wth so much knowledge still can be misguided I fail to understand hw can people be so stupid to clash in the name of religion Funny pa is the influence comes from those who never practice any religion who ever fault from any communities only people of india will die and become the weaker nation that is happening due to lack of education and good understanding among the communities.Indian subcontinent is the land for all the relegion that should not by dominated by any communities and should be govern by the Constiution of the country. so shameful event Wherever in the world they are, trouble follows. it is all right. . we as Indians have to stop that. No political pa is interested to cover the hiatus between different communities. There might be some sought of Difference between some People some where , It you Media & political pa ies glorify the story for your business sake only And you always twist twirl the story to suit your interest , you media have both left eyes there is no right eye we fools follow your stories .,. Also visit kashmiri pandits camp to see hindus getting displaced after invasion from muslims. Old stale News, Can we have some refreshing News about India,. It they who drew the first blood they drew the first blood Election time Secular become Communal and Communal become Secular, I hope Hindus and Muslims will understand the politics of power, divide people to rule. Are you interested in working on website that can bring you $100 to $200 month? If you are, keep reading. You want to work from home two to three hours day? This website is about clicking on ads and doing mini tasks in English language. That why you must have at least basic knowledge of English. Payment for your work is made to your account that you must open with the bank so it can pay you from $2 smallest payment to however much you make on the website. There are no fixed working hours, youre expected to work when you can make the time and you get paid according to your work performance.Thousands members from India and India forum on site You can look purely informative site without obligation to register Keep in mind that if you register on this website, youre not liable in any way, no investment nor payments are expected from you. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Unveiled at last year Detroit auto show, the seventhgeneration Chevrolet Corvette Stingray is supple kind of monster. A higherperformance version introduced at the 2014 Detroit show ratchets up the menace without smothering the Stingray good manners. The Corvette Z06 experience begins with supercharged version of the Stingray directinjected 6.2litre LT1 V8 engine rebranded LT4 for Z06 duty producing at least 625 horsepower and 635 poundfeet of torque, advantages of 165hp and resounding 175lbft over the standard V8. Over the previousgeneration Corvette Z06, which employed normally aspirated 7litre V8, the increases are 120 and 165, respectively. Enemy of the same Cool . mother of corvette that is just beautiful.
Celebration of Holi, the Hindu festival of colours which comes at the end of the winter season and marks the beginning of spring. Alice OCarroll.
A repo out this week suggests India will quadruple revenues from Africa by 2025. With weak demand for Indian goods in traditional markets such as Europe and the US, Africa is already proving to be increasingly impo ant. A number of companies hope to boost their presence on the continent in the coming years, as Shilpa Kannan repo s. 2.
India will appeal against the order of an Italian cou which rejected Delhi request to recover $387m PS233m in bank guarantees backing scrapped helicopter deal with Finmeccanica. India cancelled the $753m PS455m deal last month with the Italian defence giant after allegations of corruption. Officials said the firm AngloItalian helicopter arm AgustaWestland had breached an integrity pact. The contract was for 12 luxury helicopters to transpo VIPs.
Nearly 30 major political pa ies and hundreds of smaller groups are campaigning for India parliamentary elections, due to sta on April. Social media has bigger role than in previous elections but with many Indians unable to read, traditional methods like mass poster campaigns are still critical to getting the message out. Andrew No visited store in the no hern city of Lucknow which specialises in political printing. Anyone for pa ymafia jewellery?.
A gay bank worker who wanted to hide his sexuality strangled his wife and burnt her body months after marrying her, cou has heard. Jasvir Ram Ginday is alleged to have attacked Varkha Rani at their home with metal pipe from vacuum cleaner. He burnt her body in garden incinerator but told neighbour he had set fire to general rubbish , Wolverhampton Crown Cou heard. Mr Ginday, 29, of Walsall, admits manslaughter but denies murder. shame to mankind and men with such brutalist mind
Robe Langer thinks one day we could grow tissues and organs from our cells, which contain sensors that can ale you when illness is about to strike. Stem cell research including contorrling on illnes wooh what about procesing sir
Widows in the Indian city of Vrindavan are joining in the city colourful celebration of the springtime festival Holi for the first time, it appears. More than 1,000 women came for the festivities, the Times of India repo s. The widows played games smearing coloured water and powder dyes on each other break from previous years when they would only sprinkle flower petals. good festival. They have right colours Wish them to take pa in celebration and feel life. good thing.they also enjoy the life through this festival Enjoy the holi festival. Are you interested in working on website that can bring you $100 to $200 month? If you are, keep reading. You want to work from home two to three hours day? This website is about clicking on ads and doing mini tasks in English language. That why you must have at least basic knowledge of English. Payment for your work is made to your account that you must open with the bank so it can pay you from $2 smallest payment to however much you make on the website. There are no fixed working hours, youre expected to work when you can make the time and you get paid according to your work performance.Thousands members from India and India forum on site You can look purely informative site without obligation to register Keep in mind that if you register on this website, youre not liable in any way, no investment nor payments are expected from you. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
The captain of India cricket team, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, has sued the private television network Zee TV for defamation. Dhoni filed case in the Madras High Cou demanding 1bn rupees $16.37m PS9.8m in damages from the channel. He says Zee TV has been showing false repo suggesting his involvement in betting and match fixing. The cou barred the channel from broadcasting any repo on the 32yearold for the next two weeks. This is not India cricket team but team of private board governing cricket activities in India that is not official team of indian government. bright star of cricket world Indian cricket totaly run by world top mafia group Action for wrong allegation to became truth. Zee news shoud band channel. Who going to believe an Indian isnt betting and match fixing? bwahahahhahahha.
Indian minister Shashi Tharoor has lodged complaint with the Election Commission accusing his political opponents of vilification campaign. Mr Tharoor, who is running in the general election, says his rivals are trying to po ray him as antiwomen. His wife, Sunanda Pushkar, was found dead in January. Doctors said she may have died from drug overdose. The couple were embroiled in row days before her death over Twitter messages suggesting he was having an affair. Police are investigating whether the overdose by Ms Pushkar, who was found dead in hotel room, was deliberate or accidental. Tharoor ? A cool brained criminal This is the latest analysis done by the ADR for candidates from BJP & Congress. Pa ies continue to field candidates with criminal cases pending against them, some very serious. BJP has fielded 37 candidates with pending criminal charges, while Congress has fielded 26 . Will these people fight crime for you? Will they end corruption? Liked this content? Share it. When expressing your views in the .
If you want to know what is being said about you online try Mention, free online app that lets you set up key words or phrases to keep an eye out for across all the popular social platforms as well as forums, blogs and general web pages indexed by Google. In her review of websites and apps, Click Kate Russell looks at sites that check your social media presence.
The alarms wail. The nuclear reactor is breached and belching out toxic waste. A mere human would have no chance of survival. But the mechanised rescue team that clanks into action soon has the situation under control. To spur on the technology the US defence headqua ers research unit has selected 17 teams and their machines from more than 100 who applied to compete in the Darpa Robotic Challenge DRC trials near Miami, Florida very useful robot. are they aff0rdabe???. Nice one.
Why dont you remember names instantly and what the best way to improve your powers of recollection? This video explains all.
Filmmakers have infiltrated the ocean with secret cameras to capture dolphin behaviour in the wild as it has never been seen before. They enlisted menagerie of creatures, such as molluscs, sea tu le and squid, with hidden lenses to get up close and personal for new BBC natural history programme. The series director John Downer and producer Rob Pilley spoke to BBC Breakfast. Find first the Malaysian flight MH370 then only I will appreciate your work. . TECHNOLOGY ROCKS .
The quest to grow human organs inside pigs in Japan yeah but s0unds ike panic f0r the animas . Not going to be very popular in Saudi Arabia. the question is IS IT HALAL?.
Photographers can be identified by reflections in the eyes of people in the photo, according to study. Researchers used high resolution images produced by modern digital cameras to identify photographers and bystanders, by zooming in on images of eyes. It is hoped the process could be used to identify the photographer in crimes in which the victims are photographed. Similar was shown In taken Who would want that?.
Much of what we think we know about the 191418 conflict is wrong, writes historian Dan Snow. 10 big myths about World War One debunked Dan snow should also tell how many Indian soldiers killed in the battle fields of Europe as without them the WWI would not have ended.
Working from home might seem to be the ideal remedy for tensions between your career and personal life. Who wouldnt love flexible hours, no commute, fewer office distractions and more time with family? Well, not quite everyone. Recent studies have found that telecommuters tend to be online more and work longer hours than their colleagues at the office. Found correct in recent experiences it is 100 truth , also gaining too much of weight and going ve health spoiled social life. This is true I have experienced the same while working as script writer.
Devoted dog owners often claim that their pets understand them. A new study suggests they could be right. By placing dogs in an MRI scanner, researchers from Hungary found that the canine brain reacts to voices in the same way that the human brain does. Emotionally charged sounds, such as crying or laughter, also prompted similar responses, perhaps explaining why dogs are attuned to human emotions. too much cuteness in one pic. the pic is fuuny . Are you interested in working on website that can bring you $100 to $200 month? If you are, keep reading. You want to work from home two to three hours day? This website is about clicking on ads and doing mini tasks in English language. That why you must have at least basic knowledge of English. Payment for your work is made to your account that you must open with the bank so it can pay you from $2 smallest payment to however much you make on the website. There are no fixed working hours, youre expected to work when you can make the time and you get paid according to your work performance.Thousands members from India and India forum on site You can look purely informative site without obligation to register Keep in mind that if you register on this website, youre not liable in any way, no investment nor payments are expected from you. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
It plotline that wouldnt be out of place in Tintin comic French Mayor, an alpine climber, historian, wealthy Jewish stone merchant from London, and their tenuous connections to bag of lost jewels discovered on the peak of Mont Blanc. The trail begins early on 24 January 1966, as Air India Flight 101 sta its descent towards Geneva Airpo . The pilot had miscalculated the aircraft altitude and the Boeing 707 was heading directly for the summit of Mont Blanc, France highest mountain. All 117 people on board were killed as the plane crashed. This was the plane crash that also killed Dr Homi Bhabha India top nuclear scientist and set back our atomic bomb making programme by eight years
Media in India are welcoming the decision of Delhi cou to uphold the death sentence given to four men convicted of the gang rape and murder of student in 2012 in Delhi. Mukesh Singh, Vinay Sharma, Akshay Thakur and Pawan Gupta were found guilty last September. The 23yearold medical student was attacked on moving bus in December 2012 while she was returning home after watching film. The male friend she was with was also beaten up. The rape shocked Indians and prompted protests across the country, and also led to the formation of new antirape laws. he already denied this. They wont wake up until something wrong happens no strictness no proper law just corruption makes it way and the one who suffer are WE THE PEOPLE 3. I am shocked about the political motivated decession to uphold Hanging. They do not deserve to live, if we bring back the death penalty , we would have less killing laws only made for the government officer security only . Thats not fear. Hang them. That not fear in my country We just increasing curroption in the country .Sad very sad. I am shocked about the political motivated decession to uphold Hanging. Ful of coruptionist in uper seat. Law and order is not maintained inIndia. Rukwane Mien COngress ka hath hoga.
A cou in India has allowed the former editor of prominent news magazine who is charged with raping female colleague to meet his ailing mother. Tarun Tejpal, former editor of Tehelka, has been in prison since 30 November. He has also been charged with sexual harassment and outraging the modesty of woman . He denies the charges. Mr Tejpal unnamed accuser has alleged that he assaulted her at an event organised by the magazine in Goa in November last year. Legal expe say if found guilty, Mr Tejpal could be sentenced to at least seven years in jail. Guilty.
A cou in India has found three people guilty in connection with the rape of Catholic nun in Orissa state in 2008. The nun was raped by Hindu mob in Kandhamal district, days after riots between Hindus and Christian there. Riots began after Hindu religious leader was shot dead. Although leftwing Maoist rebels in the state claimed responsibility for the killing, hardline Hindu groups blamed the minority Christian community for the death. More than 30 people were killed in the violence and dozens of churches and Christian institutions were vandalised. Stop christianization of Bharat Kamal Kumar what do you mean by christianization? There are lesser than only catholics in India stop stop & live peaceful life life is too sho . we should respect other religions also Why is there so much agony for the christians that silly excuses are made to attack . stop atrocities on hindus . atrocities in Odisha but the protest slogans are in Gurmukhi script very strange. Cant believe in 21st century, people are divided because of religion. Is it religion or vested interests of few leaders of either religion or politics who is inciting the mob to do criminal acts in the name of region? It time to say ENOUGH Why cant we live peacefully & together and take country forward instead of backward. Yes rule of law must prevail . State administration should immediately take steps to bring justice. Cautiously all sections of society should fight with Maoists. Rule of law must prevail Stop it. Live and let live. Country needs PEACE this is insane. Living peaceful life is grace. Very nice to see that Christians are raped hallelujah. .Jesus will save them. Hindus shiuld show restraint. 3rd class incident in both castes. It is needed punishment for guilties Gosh why are indians still living barbaric life? When will you live more civilized life? Everyone has the right to choose what they believe. No one has the right to control or violate anothers will. When will they ever realise this? Only when they went abroad & is given the same treatment? No offense but most indians has bitter hea filled with creulty hatred. Im sorry but its the horrific truth dont see the nun as christian,see her simply as woman. will know the respect given to woman questioned Why do they fight . Idiots, like animals. Will take any oppo unity to degrade women. How can they still be alive BoycottBbc. Omg is nothing secret anymore . There are no atrocities on hindus by catholics. Maoists killed hindus then why did they commit the same to catholics for no reason. World is round. What you do you will bear carry on boys .
Why dont you remember names instantly and what the best way to improve your powers of recollection? This video explains all.
Should ladiesonly seating exist on public transpo in India? That one of the questions being debated on social media after an image was posted showing men occupying ladiesonly seats on the Delhi metro. Seats and carriages are reserved for women on many buses and trains across India to protect women from sexual harassment. In Delhi the rape and murder of student on bus in December 2012 led to huge protests and new antirape laws. BBCtrending repo on what has become an extremely contentious issue in country grappling with gender equality. I believe in today world, reserved seats for ladies is as meaningless as quota system for SCs and STs. If the Govt. really wants to help the deserving with reserved seats, it should be for elderly citizens, pregnant women and handicapped. I genuinely believe that women in cities are working side by side to their male counterpa and in many cases even surpassing them. It is our mentality that we have to change that women are weak or women need man protection , because these are the very ideas which result in exploitation of women Its long tradition in India for women to have seats, compa ments and even entire buses women only buses reserved for them. A direct fall out of the practice of purdah. The issue here is not whether women need special treatment or not. It is about occupying seats clearly reserved for ladies and on top of it fighting over it. The original post in social media in fact named the characters. BBC to be safe has rightfully blurred the faces as it should have been even on social media. Rules are rules and not obeying clearly defined rules even if you dont like them is telling commentary of the character of the person you can show the faces, BBC. this pic was an internet sensation and we hv already seen what these guys look like no seat should be resrvd ladies unless theyre old,injured,prgnt or sick . These men are irrespectfull They should be banned from public transpo . When women are all up for equality and this, and bloody that, what happens when it comes to reserved seat? Only after coming across the fact that they do have reserved coach. We are equal. Treat us like men. These are the proverbial phrases we see when anything like this comes up. Think about it. Because this is hypocrisy. One day they are so strong to fight and live like man and they can do anything that man can do, and when it comes to reserved seat, they are women. And these two lowlife hunks are pathetic. Now let talk about respect because this is ce ainly not way to respect women. Keeping aside everything, we still respect women because of the point they put up every time, that they give us bi and all the troubles they go through, which in fact is true, and we do respect the point. If these two imbeciles would have given the seats to the ladies which really were reserved for the ladies, they would have done no favour or anything. It would have been respectful gesture and also it really was reserved for women. I have no idea what the heck is wrong with everything these days. Women say they are equal and still crib about the fact that men did not give them their reserved seats. Men are anyway so rockstars and machos that they bloody would feel proud that they snubbed woman. Dang . Thats true journalism Nobody knows if the train is approaching its last stop, ladies, who are standing, their station might be coming Good Work BBC India. Ladies with mustaches cuz thats ladies seat P. Its shame. I dont see any big crime in the pic If it would have been taken on larger scale,, you might be able to many more Ladies sitting on gents seat And the best pa is may even see ladies with 34 year kid sitting on one seat and the mother on other seat She too wont have the cou esy to take the 34 year kid in her lap and ask the lady with the kid in arm to take seat Neither the lady with kid in her arm has the guts to ask the guy to get up from the reserved Ladies seat What does she expect there should be cop assigned for see the ladies seat is not misused?. this is what is wrong with the world, disrespect for women, its not competition, but yes if women works she should be paid the same as male, but come on guys treat your women folk better. this only happen india. therre should always be separate seating arrangement for ladies. It is good for gents. Gents will gain from this I fell sorry for that lady with child in her hand. I feel sad because at some point in time, even my mother might have had to stand like this carrying me in her arms No doubt that women deserve respect and special position in the society because they are the creators of this world. Unfo unately, giving reservations is not enough, society should have the will to respect women. These fellows are sitting on those seats because they do not believe in Karma or Religious beliefs, these are evil rans, or may be bunch of arrogant souls The women can ask the boymen to get up so she can sit in the womens reserved seat, women need to make the move not just let it happen it is question,as India FORGET respect women I agree with Souveek Pal comment. There is no need to reserve seats for women in public transpo system except that of elderly or pregnant women. Being girl think that this system somehow projects women weaker than men. If get into bus and man vacates his seat for me it would really make me ashamed of myself unless ask him to do so. . One point I have not seen mentioned is the fact that it might be uncomfo able for woman to stand in close proximity to man in crowded bus. I have seen few occasions where guys have deliberately stood very close to girls to touch them. Hence, I think having separate sitting space for women is not bad idea. As for this photo, it is common sense that you give up your seat for woman carrying child. . Man who consider women weak must vacate seat. The cou esy demands at least for mothers and old aged ones Pl help suppo ladies. bigger. issue in indian most wnted in dellhi. baitho be.
The US has banned impo from division of India Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, one of the country biggest drugmakers. US regulators said the unit was not operating in conformity with good manufacturing practices . It is the latest setback for India pharmaceutical expo sector, which has come under scrutiny in recent times. Sun Pharma said it had already initiated several corrective steps to address the US regulators concerns. The firm shares fell more than on the news. However, the company said the ban would have negligible impact on its expected sales. sun pharma is best drugmaker company ,. yes, it matters Im scared to read what the infractions are lol. Im also very very glad Im Canadian and dont take those meds
Traditionally, India astrologers have helped set wedding dates or check if the stars of potential brides and grooms match up. It is multimilliondollar industry that is pa of everyday life in the world largest democracy. But now they offer whole series of different services as well. Go online and you will find astrologers telling you which shares to buy, while others will help you predict which way the rupee is going to move or the price of gold. Science result is accurate, this type of result is not accurate. . Its fake. Wow astrology had developed technically too . All are baseless no one has got scientific evidence is he saying, enough no more question?.
Many modern cars are fitted with sensors and cameras to help drivers avoid rearend collisions, but these systems can only detect what the vehicle can physically see in its line of sight. To solve this problem, car manufacturers are now developing vehicle to vehicle communication which allows cars to broadcast 360 degree awareness of speed, position and direction of travel and warn drivers about unseen hazards. with sensors and cameras to help drivers avoid rearend collisions, but these systems can only detect what the vehicle can physically see in its line of sight. real time actions different.
A prototype tablet computer from Fujitsu features haptic technology giving the illusion of being able to feel the texture of pictures that appear on screen. BBC Technology Correspondent Mark Gregory was shown the device by Fujitsu James Maynard. I want one .
Carinspired products for better living Cars are, on the whole, good for driving, and for staring at when parked in garages. But it would be humanity folly to let all of that engineering and gorgeous design be used solely for getting from place to place. Fo unately, few creative thinkers have turned to the automobile for inspiration as they create products for our less driven moments. What follows are nine of BBC Autos favourites, like this Fiat 500 refrigerator by SMEG .
Subrata Roy is one of India most flamboyant and enigmatic tycoons. The ragsto riches story of the chairman of Sahara, which became one of India biggest business groups, has made him household name in India. The group, wo 682bn rupees $11bn PS6.6bn , has businesses ranging from finance, housing, manufacturing, aviation and the media. It also has interests overseas it owns New York landmark Plaza Hotel and London iconic Grosvenor House. Sahara also sponsors the Indian hockey team and owns stake in Formula One racing team, Force India. With more than 1.1 million workers, the group is also India biggest private sector employer. Mr Roy is often in the news for his largerthanlife image, colourful lifestyle and considerable political connections. here in India no body is poor. He was one of the greatest bussiness man. Two chor . roy produce Amitabh ,and other also mulayam ,jaya ,amarsi,but he drink poor men blood. BBC India Paid adve ???? Dont be pa isan. Lost respect. very powerful and respectful person cou shoudnt order to jail such person in tihar and ente ain no bail ple very bad. like this .
Indians traditionally hoard gold in the belief it will bring financial security. Now India, the world largest consumer of gold, is seeing record rise in smuggling, repo Shantanu Guha Ray. An estimated 700kg of gold is smuggled into India every day. Officials at India Financial Intelligence Unit FIU say the country has not seen such sharp rise in contraband gold for two decades. They claim smugglers are using innovative ways to bring in the metal illegally. good nyhw atleast stolen gold iz cmin bc India India is good at chopping its own legs. The duty have sprung open the doors not only to smuggles alone, but have helped line up the pockets of the corrupt custom officers. makes one wonder how the law is suppose to work in lawless country?. Government of India action to bring down CAD has this effect Waste of valuable asset lying with India. Scarcely used for productivity. It is neither useful for Nation nor People holding them. Economists must find solution want the gold.
Relatives of six former British soldiers jailed in India are urging the prime minister to help free them. They plan to deliver 100,000strong petition to Downing Street, and want the government to act as guarantor. The men had been working on private USowned ship providing antipiracy protection when they were arrested over illegally possessing weapons. They have been in jail since October and have been refused release despite being granted bail in December. The US maritime company AdvanFo insists their ship had the correct papers.
A new exhibition at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington celebrates IndianAmerican culture, history and experiences, as Diksha Basu repo s. When you enter Beyond Bollywood Indian Americans Shape the Nation, you are greeted by loud Hindi film music and vinyl record from MughalEAzam, one of the most iconic Bollywood films. Great .
A microscope seems like complex piece of kit so the idea that one can be printed on to A4 paper for around 50 cents 30p seems incredible. But such simple tool could be lifesaver in the developing world where diagnosing and correctly treating disease can often be an inexact science. It was problem that Stanford assistant professor and TED Fellow Manu Prakash was determined to solve. this is cool.
The World Wide Web, which turned 25 on 12 March, has brought about radical revolution in literature form and content from ebooks to Twitter fiction. BBC Culture repo s.
A cou in India has upheld the death sentence given to four men convicted of the gang rape and murder of student in the capital Delhi, case which led to protests and new antirape laws. Mukesh Singh, Vinay Sharma, Akshay Thakur and Pawan Gupta were found guilty last September. A fifth adult suspect was found dead in his prison cell before he was tried. The sixth member of the group, juvenile at the time of the crime, is serving threeyear sentence. They deserve more harsher punishment than this they deserve same.They should tough lesson. The quicker they hanged the better, hope this does not drag on for yrs. hope they all realise at the last moment what horrible crime they committed. now jst do work hang th suspects after years deciding th day in which they should be hanged bloody fools. All of them should be hanged,no mercy for the so called juvenile Burn them alive. shameless creatures they didnt deserve to live at all . I hope they wont give the noose the slip thru some loop hole I dont want to see their ugly faces. Consideration of juvenile should not be given since he too committed the same heinous crime as that of the adults ,as he has mentally and physically grown up. As such his case should also be retrialed and capital punishment as that of the should be inflicted Hang them as soon as possble. they are never going to get any punishment if the hearing will be taking place in India , only discussions will be held and change of cou . all culprits should be punished. So much delay in this decision , it wud have come very early.
Voting in India election gets under way in less than month and with sharp decline in the country economic growth in the past couple of years, many businesses are hoping that new government could help to reverse the trend. The BBC Jon Sopel has been to an electronics workshop on the outski of Mumbai to find out about the challenges faced by small firms in India. BBC IndiaI am from Mumbai. I am owner of Electronic Product development firm. This video is very true. It is very difficult to compete with chinese products. There manufacturing cost is very less. Some of our clients want Indian quality and chinese price. This is happening because of governments lax attitude and lack of policy for electronic sector
The plight of the families of five Indian passengers aboard the missing Malaysia Airlines jet is dominating headlines. Beijingbound flight MH370 vanished on Saturday sho ly after it left Kuala Lumpur. There were 239 people, mostly Chinese nationals, on board. Teams from at least six countries have since been searching for any sign of the plane. The family of one of the Indian passengers, Chandrika Sharma, 51, has criticised the Indian government for not reaching out, The Indian Express repo s. Indian Govt. is least bothered about the people who cares about some missing flight they are busy with upcoming elections. If india sends subramine we will need other countries to help us to locate tat submarinr instead. Wo hless malay govt And indan govt dontcare about 5person who are missing in crash. Yeah , Indian Govt. is not given sincerity Only people criticise the Government. These happenings are not pre destined. Government has its limitations on such incidents. They can ask the same through their diplomatic channels or other channels as per international rules and regulations Dominating headlines?? BBC really?? Nowhere except this space for sure Crooked news repo ing . Mr manoj plz wake up Our government never takes an initiative when it comes to savin its own citizens . Ether Malaysia Boeing gone in Bermuda or elsewhere ??????? . Still mystery india think they able sreach out plane ,breaking news Boss.
Devotees of dead guru in India have told the BBC they put his body in freezer to preserve him as they believe he will return to life to lead them. Ashutosh Maharaj was declared dead by authorities in Punjab on 29 January after suspected hea attack. But, confident that he was merely in state of deep meditation, his followers froze his corpse. He led the Divya Jyoti Jagrati Sansthan Divine Light Awakening Mission which claims more than 30 million followers. How people belive zesu help chiristian .like that way they belive . Best thing to do is read quran live accordingly Wake up innocents person hu left dis world cant get back each everyone have enjoy taste of death . incredible india believers fully mental its shame that called Mad in India. the mad and nonsense person commenting Saul never destroy body pa only change Best thing to do is believe in urself and live life. how that possible???. Foolish people. Stop going beyond miracles will never reach anywhere that the reason India is not developed. . Such things happen only in india He is brother of asaram. wont call it entirely foolish soon one day when human cloning becomes legal and common,they can make 100 genetic replica of this same person from the frozen stem cells of his body.i bet human cloning will be normal within 20 years why they doin gr8 joke of indian culture incredible inDia .
Remembering strings of letters and numbers could become thing of the past Google wants us to access devices and websites via watches and pa of our bodies.
It common practice for people to register domain names and then sell them later for profit. This is known as flipping . One person did just this for flight MH370 offering it up for sale on eBay for $5,000 PS3,000 . But many were not impressed, as BBCtrending repo s. find more at Raj Domains. I have flipped ncucu.com for $3000 bought for $6 P.
India Supreme Cou has taken big step to clean politics by ordering that trials against politicians must be completed within year, papers say. If trial cou fails to do so, judges will have to explain the reasons for the delay to the high cou , the top cou said. Last year, the Supreme Cou barred lawmakers from elections if found guilty of offences carrying jail term of at least two years. Judges will explain reson for delay? Ha ha ha poor India Mr churchil was right to say that plunderers,scoundrels will rule India Same thing has happend . A big thanks to the SUPREME COU Please implement the same with strict regulations. Also it would be nice to bar anybody to contest elections if convicted of any crime, or previous convictions, or even facing serious convictions only Judiciary or people of this country can clean di politics of this country Since justice delayed is justice denied to the common man. Many judges have joined those rulemakers icluding some rd chief justices of SC Are they blind or they oppu unists ? They are the gods who are being appointed by demigods and the supreme power is doll who has no control upon his own post Forget about lawmakers,think deeply about the ratio of cou ,judge & population Democrates need action without delay & reaction Aam aadmi needs justice from judges not hangover great thanx cou Contrary to judg bench judgment??.
Charges against an Indian diplomat whose arrest strained USIndia relations have been dropped by US judge. Judge Shira Scheindlin ruled Devyani Khobragade had diplomatic immunity at the time of her indictment on visa fraud and underpaying her housekeeper. Ms Khobragade, who has since left the US, said through lawyer she felt the rule of law had prevailed. India demanded an apology after she was arrested and stripsearched. Delhi said it was shocked and appalled at the manner of her arrest, and ordered series of diplomatic reprisals against the US, including the withdrawal of US diplomat from India. The Government of India stand has been vindicated . Congratulations and Best Wishes to Devyani Kobrogate and her father, and family. american bossism should end. We not hearing anything about their embassy in India
India SpiceJet has ordered 42 of Boeing 737 MAX aircraft in deal wo about $4.4bn PS2.7bn at list prices. Shares in SpiceJet India fou hbiggest airline by market share rose after the news was announced. The budget airline is hopeful its fleet renewal will bring in new investors. Good for us and europe workers . Indian airpots attract $ 12 bn investment
The opening matches of the Indian Premier League will be held in the United Arab Emirates to avoid clash with the country general election. Games will also be held in Bangladesh before the competition returns to India once polling has concluded. Very good decision thats great.
The Volkswagen Type has been taken out of production after over thi years. BBC Culture looks back at the history of muchloved design. Gypsy Van Will Live Forever.
The rape and murder of student on Delhi bus in 2012 made headlines and sparked protests about violence against women. But there are other hazards for women in India, and pa icularly for single women who are often unable to live normal life. We look into India invisible widows, divorcees and single women. Freedom2014 Save money for your own future . Dont squander it all on your children . Till 21 years of their life is your responsibility . After that they should find their means to survive . Main reason is lack of education and personality . Dont stoop down to your kids . Save for your future . The Economic factor is the main reason Khudko Majboot bananahoga face the devil end it. Not only India the world is facing this type of discrimination due to decline of moral values This is the real picture of our country this is real and incredible india, and it only tiny bit of reality. why always gals are saying MALE dominated society ? If we take care our mother then you might be married to mama boy and it could destroy your relationship. If not then that result is here b4 marriage boy very close to his mom but same after marriage he is living separately why? If you need ans go to vrindavn, radha damodar temple and meet them. You will get real life answer Its reality of India it real help of women. ya it is reality of india.it unde aken due to the male dominated society God bless them. This is the Bad face of our Traditional System. really we are paralyzed deaf , dumb ,and blind in these type of matters god please give them good life now . BBC India, You dont have to glorify the problems women face in India, based on one incident. Similar cases in brutally worse forms happen around the world every single day. The only way to help find reform is to sta at the core of the problem western corruption on eastern socioeconomic sectors. FACT A patriarchal society is at its root western convention Change the traditional system of our country .any one to come up before,?. Let modi bcome pm all this womens problem wii solved.sahi hai naa.modi bhakto its really difficult for lady to lead her life independently. Very touching story. hope to see widows of 1984 Delhi Sikh Massacre too mentioned here in the icle because it was BBC which repo ed first about the unfo unate happening India fights back Thanks for spreading & raising the awareness
An estimated eight out of 10 of the world diamonds have been cut and polished in Surat in the no hwest Indian state of Gujarat. Yogita Limaye visits the town where security seems nonexistent and hears how businesses are worrying over the threat from China and volatile currency. China invades any thing wehaveto be careful. this is india,apa from bloody muslim terrorists,there is nothing to fear
Are there really 21 million slaves worldwide? The UN International Labour Organisation ILO repo 2012 Global estimate of forced labour estimates that 20.9 million people are victims of forced labour. The ILO provides estimates for different world regions and its repo suggests Asia has the most slaves 11.7m. Another measurement of global slavery comes out with much higher worldwide total the Global Slavery Index says there are 29.8m, half of which are in India. The word slavery is not suitable. These organisation really tarnish the image of our countries whether from Asia or Africa. Their thinking process is the same as it was in colonial days Im farmer,after MNREGA every landowner,farmer is witnessing huge scarcity of workforce,labour for field activities.Government is feeding everyone BPL for free for 150 days so why would anybody work in the field for farmer or an agriculturists ?This is visible throughout the country Stop slavery world wide action take place immediate by UNO. To just make survey is not solution
Maoist rebels have killed at least 16 policemen in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh, police say. The patrol was on its way to provide security to workers building road in Sukma district when rebels fired at them, officials say. Twentyfive policemen were injured in the attack, senior police officer Mukesh Gupta told BBC Hindi. why army is not used here and no president rule no tada pota used Sad news. would be given befitting reply to these people got an explanation Y?. Why cant Indian govt clean this mess or any benfits doubt case 16 policemen on duty were killed by millitants and they are called as just rebels, and if muslim even suppo a militant group he is called terrorist mera desh mahaan BBc is using rebels instead of terrorists osama , hamaz,hezbollah,taliban and even anjem choudry is rebel then pthooo.
There is less than one month until the world biggest election gets under way in India. The votes of more than 800m Indians are up for grabs and the campaign is fiercer than ever, with one estimate suggesting that $5bn will be spent. The incumbent Congress pa candidate is Rahul Gandhi, the latest member of India influential NehruGandhi dynasty. His main opponent is the BJP candidate Narendra Modi, who has not been afraid to try out new techniques, as Sanjoy Majumder repo on his chat and cup of tea tactic. India has never seen this much division as in this election Thanks to dumb Modi. The great person narendra modi jai ho India next pm Really sad to see India, , one side they are totally ignoring the old rich culture of India and the other hand bringing this fundamentalist and radical and also extremely dumb modi Corporate lover. Farmers are committing suicides in gujrat because of his GMO suppo , women literacy rate is all time Low in gujrat, poorest health of young children and wrong history being taught in the schools of gujrat , time will tell soon. Namo Namo ,what about 58 innocent people who were burnt alive in sabarmati express,those culprits are real insaniyat ke dushman modi is our next pm definitely. bbc . When one person doesnt have the time for an one on one interview,how can we imagine that he is going to the leader of our country Modi is great Richa it like he has not even given an Interview & the media goes overboard by giving false survey numbers,giving speeches is not what India wants,we have lakhs & lakhs of people who good orators No country can progress on the name of religion and dividing people but bringing all together India is not in situation or can function with the rest of the world with radical mind set Jewish and Rss politics . Narendra Modi only hope of making India better place .
The way people move can influence the likelihood of an attack by stranger. The good news, though, is that altering it can reduce the chances of being targeted.
Rishang Keishing still remembers the first time he travelled to work as newly elected MP in India first parliament, in 1952. Now 94 and preparing to retire as India and the world oldest MP, Mr Keishing is understandably nostalgic about the past, but also gloomily despondent about how the country parliament has turned out.
Media in India are highlighting infighting in political pa ies over the selection of candidates for the upcoming general elections. Repo say the main opposition Bharatiya Janata Pa BJP is struggling to choose between veteran leader Murali Manohar Joshi and prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi for the prestigious Varanasi seat. Mr Joshi is the incumbent MP from Varanasi in the no hern state of Uttar Pradesh, but Mr Modi name is also in the fray. Its the lust, age doesnt matter. Otherwise Mr joshi should retire from the active politics Dont take load on mind mindless politition. Enjoy election
Trials of Indian lawmakers accused of serious crimes must be completed within year, the Supreme Cou has ordered. If trial cou fails to do so, judges will have to explain the reasons for the delay to the high cou , the top cou said. Last year, the Supreme Cou barred lawmakers from elections if found guilty of offences carrying jail term of at least two years. What crimenas can do to punish crimenals when khadi clad goondas becomes leaders India is eating fruits of Azadi by their hands . Theywillneverend andtheirprope iescontinue to multiply only. operation clean slate . Supreme cou ke aisai hajaro aadesh hai jinka lower & higher cou , center & state govt. Police & administion. Koi bhi palan nahi ka
India has offered help to the Malaysian government to search for the missing Malaysia Airlines jet which vanished two days ago with 239 people on board. There are five Indian passengers on the flight, the airline says. The Boeing 777200ER that mysteriously vanished south of Vietnam without sending distress call was carrying passengers of 14 nationalities. The search for the jet by multinational team has entered its third day. who said techonlogy has turned the world into small village if that why does it taking so long to find the missing Plane???. if thing m talking more sorry. Offering help and helping without giving any single thought are two different things. Had it been US that what India compares itself with they would have sta ed with their rescue program, irrespective they had their passengers on board or not. Despite flights had Indian passengers amongst those 239, India is still under the mood of offering help. NB US already sta ed with their rescue program on Sunday beside the fact there wasnt even single US citizen in the flight. That the difference between two nations Bermuda triangle of south eastern Asia? Possible Scenarios here The phone is still ringing because it is not at all crashed anywhere and the plane never flew to China. DIGEST THIS TRUTH 1. The missing Malaysian Airlines plane was hijacked by LTTE terrorists. 2. Hijackers three nationals from Malaysia and national from Srilanka. The plane never went to China. It has been hijacked and taken to small island in srilanka. When MH370 took off, it has only traveled 2500km to 2700km from KLIA and landed safely by hijackers in Srilanka. The exact location of the place from KLIA to SRILANKA within the radius 25002700km after the flight took off. 3. Total 19 suspected terrorists involved in Hijacking the plane. 4. All passengers are safe and the hijackers providing basic needs like food etc to passengers. 5. The missing Malaysian Airlines is NOT at all crashed into sea. 6. The suspected terrorists will demand to release of Terrorists locked in American jail Thank you India, sincerely from Malaysia. Lets pray god to keep all those passengers safe. Its too late. can give any idea if that plane have nivgaion can point it.
However much expats like living abroad, there almost always pa of them yearning for home. A Frenchman living in India got so exercised about the meat there that he set up his own farm. It is now flourishing just one of the businesses benefitting from the appetite of expats in India. Shilpa Kannan repo from Delhi on the expat economy. shud name that french man mention abt his sturggle too incomplte news.
Is it ever good idea to take the blame for colleague error? am very sad about it. I hate my friend, I hate her more every day
For many young people, India is land of oppo unity. Male or female, if youre well educated and resourceful there the chance of wellpaid career. Just one problem, says Suruchi Sharma if youre woman, you must marry by your mid20s. Freedom2014 That really sad. Most Indian women marry before they are 30 because the society demands that women must marry when theyre young what about man ?. not necessarily. Im 25 and there no pressure to get married yet. Independent women in India is concept difficult to digest in India. Its really very sad . Not really depends on your parents but there are many guys gals falling in love getting married after completing college so there is no hard fast rule
People of Indian origin make up of roughly of Myanmar 55million population, but the experiences of Tamil people who comprise the largest group have veered from one extreme to the other in the past 200 years. After independence in 1948, the introduction of land reforms, the imposition of the Burmese language and the decision to give preferential treatment to the majority Burmese community pushed Tamils down in the social hierarchy. They are now trying to revive their language and culture by opening new schools.
Maoist rebels in India have been warned by their leaders to refrain from livein relationships, premarital sex and extramarital affairs. The rebels said such behaviour would be regarded as indiscipline . The move follows the recent surrender of top Maoist leader GVK Prasad along with female cadre with whom he was said to be in livein relationship. The rebels said Mr Prasad should have divorced his wife before getting into another relationship. they stupid,government should give them employment.all laws constitution is made only for these people but they donot know how to get there right,and some kamina persons using them for their own benefit.they gundas.sarif gundas yes it is indiscipline. Its good thing but everyone has the right to live his life in his own way. morally it is good. Who cares about them? Kcuf communism .
An Indian navy officer has been killed in an accident on board ship being built at dockyard in Mumbai, naval officials told the BBC. The destroyer had been undergoing mechanical trials when malfunction on board led to toxic gas leak. Last month, two sailors died after an accident on board submarine, the INS Sindhuratna, at sea. We cannot let go waste our soilders this way. Govt should take care of this
Meeting aliens, holding multiple galactic residencies or simply having no marriage plans? We look at some of the reasons why Indians want oneway ticket to Mars Unsolvable problems and pathetically boring political and social structure might be the reason for Indians to go to mars One way. Sense of cognition of Planet Mars science. For the residence of planets not suitable But SCIENCE main I think so Indians are searching for corruption free place. Fed up of the system Thats ok but the sliper is so cozy and also absolute insane.multiple choice
What makes great spo car? Heated seats? Air conditioning? A satnav system? A computercontrolled, dualclutch, paddleactuated semiautomatic transmission? Ce ainly not. When it comes to spo cars, less is definitely more. Caterham British will be British Ensane gasba ek spo car banata he.
Who, What, Why How does snake eat crocodile? Curious onlookers in Queensland, Australia watched 10ft water python kill and swallow crocodile, but what happens next? Im unable to figure out the snake I thought BBC is suppose to post some current affairsnews Because the time has come to eat the crocodiles I saw this pic onces in Net Geo che . Hii guys,,,if you want to earn side income,,,call me this number 09654499583. realy????. horrible. great news WHAT IS TERROR. its fake image because python swallows from the head not from tail both died,,i think. Water in queensland to much toxicated so all crock got ill. it fake picture it was shown in nat geo. I saw this on discovery channel year ago .
A missing 11yearold boy in India has been found after he was spotted by member of the public who received WhatsApp ale sent out by police. Police in the no hern town of Bareilly say they used the instant messaging service to send out the boy photo to several mobile phones in the area. A man travelling on train, who had received the ale , recognised the boy sitting near him and called the police. India has more than 900 million mobile users and WhatsApp is hugely popular. And that why company shells out $ 19b for it. Messaging is the future. The capability to connect people instantaneously across geographical boundaries. WhatsApp rocks
India Tasveer A in collaboration with Cinnamon is holding an exhibition in Delhi of vintage photographs of women, taken between 1850s and 1950s. These include studio po raits, film stills, post cards and other promotional material. This is po rait of popular Bollywood actress Nargis from 1960. PARECE UM HOMEM?.
Police in India have failed to act on hundreds of corruption complaints over an eightyear period because they did not know computer password, it seems. Delhi officers could not operate po al holding more than 600 complaints lapse that has gone undetected since 2006, the Indian Express Newspaper said. The complaints came from India anticorruption agency, called the Central Vigilance Commission CVC . Which system does not have password recovery option? When it comes to corruption , deliberate negligence comes to my mind. A perfect example of how the government machinery works in India incredible india. At least they finally remembered that they forgot the password All are thieves, people of India have no hope from them. Only Almighty can save us from these looters. But I believe, we get what we deserve The chronic disease. If there is way to go in, there is way come out.If they apply the vast technology they can recover password. Woh Govt. Machinary under corupted politician. unwillingness to change the scenario against the corruption is the only reason Deliberate negligence and excuses, nothing more police is trying to ignore the complaints otherwise password can be recovered . This is an irony when India is called the super horse power of the software industry
Media in India are criticising political pa ies for their involvement in mindless violence on minor issues ahead of the general elections. Around 30 people were injured when activists of the main opposition Bharatiya Janata Pa BJP and the new anticorruption Aam Aadmi Pa AAP clashed in Delhi on Wednesday. The incident was triggered by the brief detention of AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal for allegedly violating an election code of conduct in the western state of Gujarat, which is ruled by the BJP. It shows the real face of BJP. Why dont they let the police take action against those protestors?. Letter to arvind Kejriwal by Kutch Resident Welcome to Kutch Gujarat Mr. Kejriwal. Nice to know that you want to survey the development of Kutch. So let we the people of Kutch Brief you with few facts. Kutch has the population of 18 lac that is 1 of UP, but produces 12,000 MW power and total will be 27000 MW by 2018. To put this number into perspective Australia produces 30,000 MW power in spite of being the world largest per capita power consumer and having population 11 times that of Kutch and this will be 35 more than whole of Pakistan with population 100 times that of Kutch. Kutch is in the process of becoming the largest cement producing district by far of India. Kutch is going to produce 10 of potash in year time which is key ingredient of fe ilizers. Unfo unately in spite of India being agriculture based country we almost impo 100 of potash, and this impo will be reduced due to plant being put in Kutch that will provide direct benefit to every farmer of India. Kutch is the largest windfarm power producing disctrict in India. Kutch is 3rd largest area producing Saw Pipes in the world, which are used in oil and gas piping. Kutch handles maximum sea cargo in India and is home to two largest po of India. Kutch has the largest edible oil refining capacity in India. Kutch has the largest number of saw mills of wood in India, in spite of not having any forests. Kutch tourism has developed by 1200 in years and that too majorly in Muslim majority areas. Kutch being the dese region with no water for decades now receives drinking water directly from Narmada which has reached right upto the border for BSF jawans. Kutch is the district with largest road network in India. And these all things have happened in front of our eyes and the time when Kutch was reduced to rubbles due to one of the most severe ea hquakes of India in 2001. If you are unbiased and really want to see the development hopefully you will appreciate these things, that will give you bigger stature among we the people of Kutch. We are known for our warmth & hospitality,of course need to open your arms too, which is not likely to be done as you are in TOO much hurry A resident of Kutch Yrkozy Mzgs dont undrstnd why people suppo murderer like modi.may all his suppo ers are criminal minded Bjp has always suppo ed bomb blast accused. Col purohit, aseeemanand, thakur pragya singh, etc,etc Bjp is terrorist pa . Well said rahul and very true. AmIt Rathore @ my family is in Delhi and I visit Delhi times month. I had seen corruption sliding down, electricity bills coming down, not mentioning water bills. FIR being booked against Madam CM and CWG culprits. Suppo ing Lokpal, congress knew more heads would be trapped. .bjp knew now next action would be against mcd. Today Madam CM is governor so nobody can touch her. Both so called big pa ies are giving tickets to corrupted politicians. See where we are heading. . . Its your wish to suppo any of these pa ies but please think in turn 1015 years down the line what society would you be giving to your children. . .clean or corrupt. Choice is yours Do tin lathi AK ki pith main pada ki nahin??? Ensure that Aap pa is B team of congress Its dive ing main issues. Tum Congressi ho Chutiye this is the figure 0f 0ur c0untry p0itica system . These bunch of AAP tard jokers, Congress BTeam with an expe ise in urban guerilla warfare will be shown the Door, post election scenario Worst condition of road at Tirhut Academy Road, Kashipur, Samastipur from more than two week but no one govt. official or leader has taken any kind of initiative to repair or solve the drainage problem. Surprising ?????????. It is cheap politics.
The Alist group photo snapped by Bradley Cooper at the Oscars might have crashed Twitter, but this selfie could have been the first of its kind.
What can you buy for 50 rupees in India? A political bribe, traffic warden favours, or vote just some of the answers from Indians who hijacked promotional hashtag. When Big Bazaar major supermarket chain in India created hashtag to encourage people to tell them what 50 rupees $0.80 50p could buy, they were hoping to show what good value their products were. They probably didnt expect the hashtag to be used for scathing social commentary about the state of the nation. The hashtag has been tweeted 7,000 times. BBCTrending Rs50 unable to make pound . not able to get much
Media in India see the upcoming general election as celebration of democracy and urge citizens and politicians to make it grand success . Most newspapers have published special front pages dedicated to the world largest election exercise that will take place in nine phases between April and 12 May. celeberation of medias. Situation in Indian Election 2014 is similar to those in Germany 1933 election People will chose there own future it may be negative or positive Depends on people
The use of big data has come under increasing scrutiny since the former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden leaked documents about the US government electronic spying programmes last year. But it not just governments who can use and access the digital information we generate online every day. Corporations use big data to gather information about consumer preferences and to sell products. And now Viraj Puri, 13yearold schoolboy from Virginia, is hoping to harness its power to tackle bullying. He showed the BBC Jane OBrien the website currently in development which would enable families to pinpoint bullying incidents.
Archaeologists in India are examining claims that remains of people dug up from disused well in the no hern state of Punjab belong to soldiers who revolted against the British in 1857. A Sikh temple said villagers in Ajnala had exhumed the remains of 282 soldiers who were executed by the British. But historians and archaeologists say it is too early to come to that conclusion. when will my comunity learn to build mamorial insted of building another marveled temple . who remembers them?. Where we have time to honour their effo and given due repect their remains?. We are very busy to be corrupted more and more in every min The looting colonial power divided our great country by DI Y DIVIDE & RULE policy. Now their own country increasing becoming smaller as hopefully Scotland goes out of their clutch It hu when we find that we have no problem with atrocious Britishers but we fight with Pakistan who were our own people JAI HIND1.
Police in the Indian state of Gujarat have stopped the leader of the anticorruption pa from visiting the home of the chief minister, repo say. Arvind Kejriwal of Aam Aadmi Pa said he wanted to meet Narendra Modi with some questions for the chief minister. He said his travels in Gujarat had exposed some shocking truths about development in the state. Kejriwal is doing over acting he thinks he is improver but he is a big back puller. nobody stoped hIm he is just playing drama he is hungry. for publicity. he just want an photo session 1photo with modi he is not an politician he is special soldier of congress. coz modi is afraid of kejrival. whatever happened in Gujrat in 02 was not correct and not justifiable. But, there are some incidences happened in recent past like Azad Hind Maidan, Muzzafarnagar etc. There are some states which faces this situation more frequently like Asam, J For Gujarat, we never saw incidence after 2002. Why everyone discussing only Gujarat issue? There are some states needs our attention and actions. Letter to Arvind Kejriwal by Kutch Resident Welcome to Kutch Gujarat Mr. Kejriwal. Nice to know that you want to survey the development of Kutch. So let we the people of Kutch Brief you with few facts Kutch has the population of 18 lac that is 1 of UP, but produces 12,000 MW power and total will be 27000 MW by 2018. To put this number into perspective Australia produces 30,000 MW power in spite of being the world largest per capita power consumer and having population 11 times that of Kutch and this will be 35 more than whole of Pakistan with population 100 times that of Kutch. Kutch is in the process of becoming the largest cement producing district by far of India. Kutch is going to produce 10 of potash in year time which is key ingredient of fe ilizers. Unfo unately in spite of India being agriculture based country we almost impo 100 of potash, and this impo will be reduced due to plant being put in Kutch that will provide direct benefit to every farmer of India. Kutch is the largest windfarm power producing disctrict in India. Kutch is 3rd largest area producing Saw Pipes in the world, which are used in oil and gas piping. Kutch handles maximum sea cargo in India and is home to two largest po of India. Kutch has the largest edible oil refining capacity in India. Kutch has the largest number of saw mills of wood in India, in spite of not having any forests. Kutch tourism has developed by 1200 in years and that too majorly in Muslim majority areas. Kutch being the dese region with no water for decades now receives drinking water directly from Narmada which has reached right upto the border for BSF jawans. Kutch is the district with largest road network in India. And these all things have happened in front of our eyes and the time when Kutch was reduced to rubbles due to one of the most severe ea hquakes of India in 2001. If you are unbiased and really want to see the development hopefully you will appreciate these things, that will give you bigger stature among we the people of Kutch. We are known for our warmth & hospitality,of course need to open your arms too, which is not likely to be done as you are in TOO much hurry A resident of Kutch Mr Arvind Kejriwal and his AAP burst on the Indian political scene like the onset of spring, breath of fresh air where there was stench. This time Kejriwal went for the jugular of the Congress and BJP, taking the battle to their backyard. He filed an FIR against India richest, and widely believed to be the most powerful man, and also against highprofile ministers from the Congress, the very pa which was keeping his pa propped up in power. And by exposing the deafening silence of the BJP in all this, he has shown with ease and panache that all pa ies are complicit and are on the same side. Some would argue he came like tsunami and left destruction in his wake. The old order operated under wellunderstood and respected tacit rules, with kind of twisted logic that said, If youre elected and if your pa gets mandate, then it is licence from the people to licentious behaviour. You are entitled to live off the fat of the land. You cannot question what I do. The people have elected me. So till the next election, I cannot be questioned. And Kejriwal came along, like tornado, challenged the status quo, and threatened and shook the very foundation of the old cosy club which operated freely and with impunity in an established nexus between politicians and business, helped in the process by the bureaucracy. The argument doesnt wash with the public, who can easily see through the game. And the Congress and the BJP are beginning to worry that it is making dent in their calculations for the coming Lok Sabha elections. The charge levelled by Mr Kejriwal that he would rather quit his job than take suppo from pa which is under the grip of big business is appearing to stick with the general public despite all the clever arguments by the glib spokesmen of both the pa ies, the Congress and BJP, that they want to uphold constitutional norms and go by the rulebook. So whatever may be Mr Kejriwal other sho comings, how can anyone doubt his integrity and sincerity to purpose? A maverick chief minister he may be, but how do you deal with new kind of firebrand political leader who burns with scorching flame of idealism to rid the country of corruption? The Congress and BJP seem to be at their wits end and are still trying to figure it out. They may be running out of time. They would have been prudent had they granted Kejriwal wish and helped pass the Jan Lokpal Bill. That would have also earned them, the Congress especially, the goodwill of the nation. They, the BJP and the Congress, cant rest in peace now. Mr Kejriwal will be back to haunt them again and will be their nightmare till strong bill sees the light of day. That, I think, is the prayer on everyone lips India is witnessing rapid decline in democracy and its institutions and the Aam Aadmi Pa is the only hope in saving our parliamentary democracy. These parliamentary institutions have been showcased as the pillars of functional democracy even though they have not been working for the people.While this image began crumbling in the States, it is now taking place at the Centre as well. The Houses of Parliament are pale shadows of their former selves. How effective parliamentary democracy is is based on debates and not disruptions which we have been witnessing for several years. Scenes from the recent past of microphones being broken and used as weapons, and papers snatched and torn were the last straw that broke the camel back. The emergence of the Aam Aadmi Pa AAP seems like whiff of fresh air in this period of despair. The contrast between the conduct of the AAP MLAs in the Delhi Assembly on February 14 and members of the Bharatiya Janata Pa BJP and Congress who were seen snatching microphones, entering the Well of the House and tearing papers was an eyeopener Dont mention his pa as anti corruption pa . How can news agency like BBC is doing this without checking the facts about Arvind Kejriwal ? He is politically motivated man A real Dramebaaj Kejariwaal MUST Be Nominated For OSCAR Award A Chief Minister who Ruled city state for 49 days with Political STUNT using Public Money And Run Away from Governing the state And coming in Gujarat and asking Questions to CM who managed the state so successful and put the state on world map in Past 12 Years What Looser A. Kejariwaal is this man totally mad bbc too. Kejriwal is desperate to seek attention, by any mean. Arvind Kejriwal liar, blot on india, worse than congress. A K is new born of god Arvind kejariwal is fickle minded political terrorist. We have seen his rule as chief mininister in Delhi.He is most unfit to be assigned with any higher responsibility. People should thimk thousand times before they vote for him To Kejriwal, He see what he want to see why dnt he visit kankria lake, river front of sabarmati of Ahemedabad or vadodara central bus stand or mundra po , surat road transpo , ankleswar GIDC & many more. Too much of drama kejri its enough dont do things fr publicity nautanki saala, he can become ente ainment minister of India . he killed thousands of Christan nd Muslim in 2002 riot and after 2002 riot 12more riots occurd in gujrat where again thousands of Christan muslims were killed Modi simply terrorist nd nothng else nd BJP a Terorist pa y.
According to Hindu tradition, the god Krishna, who had dark complexion, worried the fairskinned goddess Radha would never accept him. Krishna mother, frustrated, told him to colour Radha face however he wanted. Today, Hindus around the world celebrate Krishna playful application of colour to Radha face by doing the same, with people painting one another faces, frolicking in the streets and spraying coloured water and powders, as shown here in Vrindavan, India. This year, the holiday takes place on 17 March. Celebrations happen throughout India, but for one of the most boisterous, vivacious festivals, head to Delhi, which includes not only the traditional street pa ies and colourthrowing, but also the musicfilled Holi Cow Festival. seriously bbc india ???? thats the reason ??? . What rubbish That not why holi is celebrated BBC get your facts right . dats the crappiest reason ive herd till date. ty. Shree Krishna Govind Hare Murari, Hey nath Narayana Basudeva. I dont like this festival, and consider it di and wasteful. But being in Job gap, I will be forced to experience it Holi is festival of colour. MUST READ Holi is not all the way is describe as above Firstly the day of Holi we make camp fire from some medicinal plants the next day ash of that plants are use to apply on skin to protect from upcoming Summer so this is the scientific reason of Holi. The drink we drink on that day is mangos flower, Chandan essence and water. But nowadays people use Chemically made colours and drink alcohol plz plz plz dont spread wrong information abt this festival happy holi. its true. All is well.
The Indian authorities in Uttar Pradesh have dropped sedition charges against group of Kashmiri students for apparently cheering the country arch rival Pakistan in cricket match. But state officials said they would continue to investigate allegations of disrupting communal harmony. More than 60 students were suspended at the weekend after the Asia Cup match in which Pakistan defeated India. The students said they only clapped when Pakistan won. Shame on INDIAN Democracy IT would be better to if they shot them in the head India is Hitler Germany.No kashmiri is alowed to express his feelings freely.they want to control our feelings That true every indian should respect the country even kashmir because is pa of india and they should not forget that if that like Pakistan let them go to Pakistan and leave india what kind of country are we living in? students do stupid thingsthey need to be counselled in the presence of their parentsguardians and teachers. they definitely cannot be arrested under the sedition act which was used by the british against indians fighting for independence its better to watch the game for enjoy not take personal all that games in this world Enjoy the game not team was win or not am enjoy the game not to suppo any team Then they should charge every F1 fan in india with sedition for cheering an energy drink company. This country is run by idiots . Let them go to pak and cheer for India let see what will happen there ?. U have to charge every kashmiri Bcz all are cheering for pakistan If cheering pak is sedition thn india wud hav to charg evry kashmiri. cheering for another country with spo mind is not big issue but if they had raised anti slogans as climate of jubilation is ce ainly big worrying factor and that should be stopped by our law of land. Shame on india claming world largest democracy.
In an unauthorised colony of labourers in Delhi, class of sixyearolds is reciting English, language their parents hope will get them jobs in call centres and offices. But later this month the classes will stop. Ramditi JRN Deepalaya is among hundreds of small private schools which have multiplied in India selling education at 100 rupees $1.6 96 pence month that are being forced to sound the final bell because they do not comply with law which makes education fundamental right for children. But in near future we shall get rid of alien colonial language
Media feel the government plan to form new anticorruption watchdog has suffered setback with the resignation of two key officials. In December, the parliament approved new anticorruption bill known as Lokpal Bill under which an independent ombudsman would have powers to prosecute politicians and civil servants. The government recently formed search panel to select the chief and other members of the ombudsman. But the panel head, former chief justice KT Thomas, resigned from his post, saying he did not have independence to select the right person for the job. Two top burocrats affraid to pa icipate in last season political circus of UPA but they had involved in many shows in last ten years.in India it is remarkable sign of showing goodness at old age after baggage of corrupted carrier.but after all it is good for country that UPA unable to caught fishes this time to taste the curry of second rate lokpal Mr.Thomas did not,have right independence to select the candidate or he did not find any suitable candidates at all??????.
India, the world largest democracy, has set date for its next general election. On April in India, more than 800 million people are expected to turn out and vote for their next leader. Organising election day will be mammoth task, but many are hoping it will signal turning point for the country languishing economy. The BBC Yogita Limaye has more from the state of Gujarat. haters gonna hate . Here is India biggest democracy Slamming the move of suspension of the 67 Kashmiri students from Meerut university after they repo edly celebrated Pakistan win in Cricket match, militant outfit JametulMujahideen JeM Thursday stated that New Delhi has shown its worst enmity with the people of Kashmir NARENDRA MODI is against PARIWAARBAD in INDIAN Politics. Odisha BJP should Clear its Stand On SANGITA SINGHDEO Madam , And KB SINGHDEO Sir . The People Of Odisha have the Right to KNOW. Fu her BJP with Pariwarbaad Paries SIVA SENA Thckeray Family , AKALI DAL Badal Family & LOK JANASAKTI PA Y Paswan Family . BJP should Clear its Stand On This PARIWARBAAD Isuue. The People Of INDIA have the Right to KNOW John Winston Mascarenhas you are quite right infact today if you work hard with slight innovation you earn much more than what you earn in europe in india we dont put the bulk of effo which we put in europe
Police in the Indian capital, Delhi, say they have arrested 14 people in connection with the clashes between two rival political pa ies on Wednesday. Some 28 people were injured in the fight between suppo ers of the main opposition Bharatiya Janata Pa BJP and the new Aam Aadmi Pa AAP . It was sparked by the brief detention of AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal in Gujarat, which is ruled by the BJP. Mr Kejriwal was held for allegedly violating an election code of conduct. Congress BJP Police someCorporate houses media houses some vs AAP, obviously not going tobe easy but keep going clicked on the link showed 404 error ?????????.
A fuelefficient, lightweight hybrid vehicle that could keep soldiers safe? It might sound like mission impossible, but such machine is already roaming the ea albeit on tight leash. A rugged new US Army research prototype Ultra Light Vehicle ULV has recently entered an advanced blasttesting phase in Michigan. Modi jee, why dont you try this one .
A school dropout from poor family in southern India has revolutionised menstrual health for rural women in developing countries by inventing simple machine they can use to make cheap sanitary pads. Arunachalam Muruganantham invention came at great personal cost he nearly lost his family, his money and his place in society. But he kept his sense of humour. It is the faith in success and consistency in effo , in spite of all challenges mankind has covered such big journey and glory in all fields. Today what looks to bena simple thing was not so easy when first time this job was taken as need and challenge. The story of mr. MURUGANTHAN is classic example of the same. I pay my sincere respect to his firm stand taken against the odds , he was offered to face indian media doesnt recognise these achievmnts untill world media bbc.world throws light . . Great. Great . wo respect . We are proud of you, really doing great. hats off to this man. Women of the world thank you. An Inspiring story indeed hatsoff SOOO INSPIRING . this is what innovation of humanity. revolutionary change in world in everybody life. Great . Great Proud of u, Great sir.
A university in no hern India has temporarily suspended more than 60 students from Indianadministered Kashmir for allegedly suppo ing Pakistan in cricket match, repo say. Done the right thing better send these antisocial elements over to Pakistan they shud also be beaten up badly by the public as they do in Pakistan to other religious people. Suspend the Ind team too ,they also suppo ed the Pak team to win p. Indianadministered? You are wrong BBC India. It sovereign pa of India Yes right decision from the University I am sure Uk woudl have done the same . Kashmiris can think whatever but the reality is Kashmir belongs to India. Cricket Pfff Who cares. They are traitor. right decision. irony is that government is funding 60 of fees structures to those Kashmiri students medical courses including. This is republic india so every one can suppo their favourits It is spo they can suppo any team what they liked Get spo man spirit Achha kiya gaddaro ko nikal diya hatt thoooo on these bloody traitors BBC india what mean by Indianadministered Kashmir its our pa not admin. dont put ur nose if dont know the fact. No.its not good,everyone have right to suppo the team whichone they like.sunny chaudhary NEPAL . Ship them out That shows the true picture of india,s fake democracy, they are ruling kashmir only because more than 0.75 million military personnel have been deployed there, india can never win our hea and insha allah we will soon be able to remove indian army from our holy land. GO INDIA GO BACK LEAVE OUR KASHMIR. yup it happened in my university
No single pa has won majority in India parliament since 1989 and governments since then have been formed with the suppo of smaller, regional pa ies. Observers say the country 16th general election to be held in nine phases in April and May will be no different. There has been welcome and sometimes chaotic deepening of democracy in the six decades since Independence. NaMo Rocks, Mind You . AAP is going to win this time. think twice b4 vote. Unity in Diverserity. Undoubtedly, BJP will come with majority in this Election Jai Hind.
India Supreme Cou has ordered the continuing detention of businessman Subrata Roy and asked his firm to come up with plan to repay its investors. A protester threw ink on Mr Roy face as he arrived at the Supreme Cou . Let law take own course of action. Purely Criticized, Investors may loose Confidence in future Its An Unethical Practices .
India general election in April and May will be the largest the world has seen. Some 814 million eligible voters will elect new Lok Sabha, or lower house, from April to 12 May. Votes will be counted on 16 May. BBC News gives you the lowdown on the largest democracy largest ever vote in 60 seconds.
Can Indian film do well in global market? The national movie industry is looking at ways of communicating with wider audience but it risks excluding some groups in the process. The country growing middle class is reshaping India film industry growing number of cinema screens is boosting studios. But can it serve global audience? Tom Brook repo s. In order to go Global, Bring Global Actors to India in Indian films from lead role,suppo Role,to villain role First deal with ur issues dn deal with da others N ur nobody on this , unless we dont make films in english. we got no chance
The sari has become less of staple, and more an elaborate piece of clothing worn only at weddings or other traditional ceremonies. It is not that the sari is difficult piece of clothing to work in. So why is that younger women especially in urban India find the sari so difficult to wear? However, some retailers say the sari is making comeback. the urban woman needs west culture clothes.
Panic spread on social media in the Philippines when TV repo misleadingly uncovered flesheating skin disease and then linked it to prophecy made by an Indian holy man. The Philippines Depa ment of Health has told the BBC that there is no flesheating bacteria epidemic in Pangasinan province and claims to the contrary are hoax . But fear about plague there has spread through social media, using the Twitter hashtag PrayForPangasinan. Mukul Devichand of BBCTrending has been investigating the truth behind the hashtag.
An independent politician is planning to contest the fo hcoming general elections in India on procorruption ticket, it appears. Lawyer Naresh Singh Bhadauriya has registered the Khas Aadmi Pa Khap or Special Man Pa in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, where the vicepresident of the ruling Congress Pa y, Rahul Gandhi, is also running. Naresh Singh Bhadauriya is known for his eccentric style of campaigning. He launched his campaign by marching through the streets of the city of Amethi with large banner that said Only the corrupt, schemers, fraudsters, etc are eligible for membership, Indian media repo , quoting the PTI news agency. I welcome Bhaduriya ji for exposing cheats in politics as well as the ugly face of reality in his own way. . Only in India . Constitution of India confers on its citizens right to life and personal libe and to achieve this directs the state to secure social order for promotion of welfare of people and in matters of health the state is directed to promote the level nutritional status ,, slandered of life and also to the improve public health. Indian planning commission and world health organization says that 3.2 of Indians fall below pove line each year due to high medical bills. Thus each year 39 million Indians are pushed into pove because of health reasons. 30 of rural people are devoid of treatment for financial constraints. 47 of rural and 31 of urban hospitalizations are financed by loans or by sales of assets. In OPD treatments out of the total expenditure born by the patient70 is on the purchase of medicines. Thus of the total household out of pocket expenditure of family expense on medicine purchase is second only to expenditure on food. As result of this the poor are becoming still poor and those in lower middle class are pushed below pove line. Let us listen from the ticket holders of all political pa ies this LS 2014 elections what are their views on this subject. The question is small but the answer to this is of immense public impo ance and needs understanding of constitutional directive principals, budget and knowledge of health field. Let us se what we are going to have in parliament 201419ERUDITE or ERRANTS as usual
India general election will take place in nine phases in April and May, the Election Commission has announced. Polling to elect new Lok Sabha, or lower house, will be held from April to 12 May. Votes will be counted on 16 May. With some 814 million eligible voters, India election will be the largest the world has seen. The ruling Congress pa and the main opposition Bharatiya Janata Pa will be battling host of smaller pa ies. Leaders of 11 regional pa ies have formed Third Front against the Congress and the BJP. I Love Countries India. Constitution of India confers on its citizens right to life and personal libe and to achieve this directs the state to secure social order for promotion of welfare of people and in matters of health the state is directed to promote the level nutritional status ,, slandered of life and also to the improve public health. Indian planning commission and world health organization says that 3.2 of Indians fall below pove line each year due to high medical bills. Thus each year 39 million Indians are pushed into pove because of health reasons. 30 of rural people are devoid of treatment for financial constraints. 47 of rural and 31 of urban hospitalizations are financed by loans or by sales of assets. In OPD treatments out of the total expenditure born by the patient70 is on the purchase of medicines. Thus of the total household out of pocket expenditure of family expense on medicine purchase is second only to expenditure on food. As result of this the poor are becoming still poor and those in lower middle class are pushed below pove line. Let us listen from the ticket holders of all political pa ies this LS 2014 elections what are their views on this subject. The question is small but the answer to this is of immense public impo ance and needs understanding of constitutional directive principals, budget and knowledge of health field. Let us se what we are going to have in parliament 201419ERUDITE or ERRANTS as usual vote, the opium of democracy .
India has put on hold all deals with RollsRoyce until it completes an investigation into bribery allegations against the Britainbased company, the Press Trust of India news agency said. A federal agency is probing allegations that RollsRoyce paid bribes for supply of aircraft engines. it just nothing & what ???. which RR has already admitted
Police in the no hern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh have been criticised after they lodged arrested tycoon Subrata Roy in fancy forest depa ment guest house in Lucknow city. The Kukrail picnic spot, popular with local people and schoolchildren, has been shut down for three days. The Sahara group chief was arrested on Friday in connection with fraud case. His Sahara group has been sponsoring the Indian Cricket Team for years with the money of the depositors who were cheated to tune of 19000 crores. Its INDIA, with money can influence nythng, state govt. was itself considering him nt guilty ignoring the apex cou proceedings. Now accused himself accepted that he is guilty. . Chor thug of the decade. Uttar Pradesh is well known for his most corrupted police dept. in INDIA, so both major pa ies SP BSP. SP rule is always known as criminal rule Shame on him. Desh. KE chor
What the point of those little bumps that flare up on our skin when were cold or frightened? For clues, we have to look to our hairy past
A video decoding Indian headshakes has gone viral, attracting over million hits in week. What does its popularity tell us about the way Indians see themselves? BBCtrending thinking heads. Bbc has no work to do I guess. Concentrate on real news rather than stupid things if not then atleast learn from CNN. Disgusting . it tells us that BBC has nothing to do pthoooo. creative indians. In conversation, the listener has pa icular frequency of head nodding if he is listening. If the frequency is increased, it means he is bored or not listening and is subtle signal to the speaker to stop Director belongs to the South India it contradicts in every manner from the No India. It is very complicated only an Indian can make out.
Indian electrosarangi duo Adi and Suhail are independently successful musicians, who will release their muchawaited first album as duo in April 2014. Suhail Yusuf Khan is an eighth generation sarangi player, nephew of sarangi maestro Ustad Kamal Sabri, and grandson of the great Ustad Sabri Khan who performed with violinist Yehudi Menuhin and the Beatles. Adi & Suhail are pa of India growing independent music scene and recently received exposure across India when they performed on the popular MTV show Coke Studio Sessions.
Almost every Indian woman wardrobe contains sari long, usually colourful, piece of cotton or silk which draped around the body. In urban India, the garments lost its significance in recent years, with more and more women opting for Western outfits. But there are signs of revival, as Shilpa Kannan repo from Delhi. every indian woman wardrobe contains several saris. no1 can have just one. the most elegant and attractive dress in the world. Cant beat saree. Sari nowadays is not that much popular among young Indian women as it once was.Nowadays jeanTops or SalwarKu are two top choices but there would hardly be woman in India whose wardrobe is totally devoid of Saris. I clearly remember many foreigner colleagues of mine while I was working abroad used to openly express admiring words about this beautiful dress of India true and evry region provides its own style so truly no one will ever have one kind and one saree atleast dozen different ones P.
From Lupita Nyongo Prada gown to Pharell Williams sho s, catch all the glitz and glamour as Hollywood biggest names entered the 86th Academy Awards.
Suppo ers of an Indian politician have gone to town with photoshopped posters and public hoardings for her 66th bi hday. Tamil Nadu chief minister, Jayalalithaa Jayaram, known to her suppo ers simply as Amma meaning mother in the local language Tamil is seen being applauded by world leaders, including US President Barack Obama and No Korean leader Kim Jongun on hoarding erected in the southern city of Coimbatore. Innovative way to make joke of oneself If this woman becomes PM then there will be two India one India another South India Island like Sri Lanka Selfish woman who dont know anything except her state and Tamils She was the main responsible person for collapsing 1998 Atal Bihari Vajpayee Government She will be inevitable after the elections in forming next government. So pls try to learn abt her before ur stupid comment abt an CM of Tamilnadu Qualities of dictator and lot of slaves to follow her Bad woman. Just making drama. Go and give your TEX, miss corruption. Shameful, isnt it? Yep. That the level our politicians stoop to Wats others problem?. This pic may be funny but if she get chance to become PM. She will make others to funny .she have more self confidence and administration skill. Dont put stupid comment Madumita Das Tamil Nadu govt is best example of hypocrisy. All the person in picture should sue Amma for using their pictures without legitimate consent Tamilnadu Chief Minister Ms.Jayalalita should give warning to her Pa Members not to post Banner like this in future. Me too agree, that, this is too much. Even BBC has also been highlighted the same Disgusting Height of ignorance of the suppo ers She has the caliber to deliver really proud by seeing this post Kiran Venkatappa Reddy. Stupidity . mad at its peak. AMMA famous in aboard. now the whole world is laughing of the indian hoardings. Oh dear Lord . No offense to the Tamilians at large, I used to think they are an intelligent lot. But this is sheer stupidity
If youve ever winced at an errant tweet you just sent or felt wave of worry about wearing the wrong thing in the office or caught your breath after sending off toocasual email, you know it can be easy to find yourself paralysed for some time afterward. Unsure about whether you might make the same error again, you carefully monitor your words and actions. However, several LinkedIn Influencers in their posts say we should abandon fear of making mistake. BBC Capital looks at how taking chance at bending the rules can create fresh, new rules in the office.
The Khirkee Extension area in the Indian capital Delhi has been the focus of political and media attention in recent days after minister in the state government raided house there, accusing its inhabitants four Ugandan women of being involved in prostitution and drug trade. Photographer Ronny Sen documents life in Delhi little Africa. BBC is doing somewhat negative showcase of India with each and every news they post
A commissioned by two Inverness brothers depicting life in Delhi in the 19th Century are to be sold at an auction in London later this year. The works are from The Fraser Album and came to light among other historical documents in 1979. James Fraser went to India in 1815 when he was 16 to train as political officer in the East India Company.
An Indian soldier has shot dead five of his colleagues before killing himself in Indianadministered Kashmir, military officials say. The incident took place on Wednesday night at military camp about 20km 12 miles no of the city of Srinagar. An investigation was underway to determine the cause of the incident, officials said. This is seems stress between the solders very sad . RIP. RIP,,,, there is serious problem of communication gap among rank and file top brass are not interested to resolve this problem Our Govt give all faselities to the Soldiers but why?. Isnt it kashmir region of India.? . the man was probably depressed. shows how bad the working conditions are for our forces.
Who left the 86th annual Academy Awards with little gold statuette in hand? See the full list of winners here. who dares wins. who dare wins.
Dasgupta can do what he likes. Im not going into the bush on foot. On the trail of India deadliest maneating tiger for years, nerves are on edge and reputations too. Hunter Ramesh Chauhan is pacing, well, like caged animal. Team leader Ashish Dasgupta is out seeking new intelligence on the tiger that may have claimed 10 lives already. They are not even sure it is still alive there rumour local Sikhs killed the tiger but are hushing it up.
In Abu Dhabi, Lamborghini Veneno Roadster makes its public debut. Yes, Lamborghini knows how to make an entrance. Lovely 3.
After 65 people were killed in HinduMuslim clashes in the no hern Indian town of Muzaffarnagar in September, tens of thousands fled their homes. Several thousand of them are still living in relief camps fearing return to their homes. Aarabu Ahmad Sultan chronicles life in these camps. Kashmiri muslims drove away 500,000 Kashmiri hindu pundits under threat of death. Those people are living in relief camps since 1980 . How about you highlight their plight alongwith this ? or is your sense heavily warped ?. Late news. UP government could devote more fund for sanitation and health instead of giving laptop for free they are purposely staying back people want money for free too there have been cases repo ed by Indian media BBC you must highlight that and as matter of fact you got to come and make coverage yourself its v sad Where is humanity?????????. India should attack instead of sitting on their arsenal. British empire gave us this. We using it fully. Do you have anything positive to talk about the Indians, or it that colonial mindset, wherein you are habitually incorrigible to speak otherwise . it was pre planned riots created by political pa ies to seek attention 4m public grab position of PM Ho, you have to appreciate Mulayam who rakes the 2002 Gujarat riots even now when in his home town poor citizens are suffering from communal riots
Newspapers are discussing the impact of new political alliance on the upcoming general elections. Leaders of 11 regional pa ies gathered in Delhi on Tuesday to announce the formation of the Third Front that will contest against the ruling Congress and the main opposition Bharatiya Janata Pa BJP . Regional leaders like former defence minister Mulayam Singh Yadav and Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar and Left pa ies are pa of the alliance. Papers feel the alliance may lack common leader and goal to strike chord with the voters, but it cannot be ignored. GUJRAT government is declared 2nd best state government in the world as announced by International council of UN. Before 10 Yrs they had 50,000 crores loan in World Bank. But Today they have deposited lac Crores in World Bank. In Gujrat NO BAR NO POWER CUT 100 LADIES STUDYING WHOLE INDIA EXPO 15 FROM GUJRAT 30 OF INDIAN SHARE MARKET INVESTS BY GUJRAT TATA, HYUNDAI, FORD, RELIANCE, HONDA, BMW, NOKIA all in GUJRAT After 10 yrs it will beat Singapore . Think who is Real INDIAN IDOL ?. no third front or any frontonly Modi front . beg them all become m if its your fate
Drugs manufacturer Ranbaxy has suspended shipments of ingredients from two of its plants to probe their testing processes. The move at the firm Toansa and Dewas plants, in India, follows US ban on shipments from the two facilities. The US Food and Drug Administration FDA said they fell sho of its good manufacturing practices . Ranbaxy said it had temporarily halted shipments to examine manufacturing processes and controls . The ban has already hit Ranbaxy biggest market, but it thought the suspension will also hit supplies to Europe and India. The US is at it again, but India must enforce GMP very strictly in all pharmaceutical industries Is it the US game plan to down grade any thing Indian,be it diplomat or Pharma giant?.
Police in Indianadministered Kashmir have fired rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse angry villagers who tried to storm police station. The protest came day after security forces said they had killed seven militants in Kupwara district. The crowd shouted proindependence slogans and demanded the authorities identify the suspected rebels. India is not acting at all on issue, call the people who suppo terrorists and attack police station for attacking terrorists REBELS ? pathetic Those should have been killed with real ones instead of rubber bullets . Why not concentrate on the brit psyche which created is the reason for the two most troubled regions, for over decades, Kashmir Palestine What can expect when Indian army stages fake encounter drama and killed innocents for promotions and medals. No body see our side its just reaction for injustice. indian administered kashmir wth. kashmir was always integral pa of india. Looks like this is the page of BBC Pakistan . Seems to be fake encounter. the bloody brits and the bbc suppo the bloody pakis.it is their only chance to make themselves feel impo ant on the world stage.outside of this who cares about uk? high time Kashmir was administered differently by both countries. the present system of governance is alienating the ppl and putting stress on our soldiers. Kashmir has had its own Parliament for decades now. High time we brought it directly under the Indian Parliament.
Since early 2013 one question has dominated Indian political discourse will there be wave of suppo for Narendra Modi of the main opposition BJP? The Gujarat chief minister has an impressive economic record, but has been seen as divisive since deadly religious riots in the state in 2002. He currently looks like the man to beat, according to political scientist Milan Vaishnav. Religious harmony is more impo ant than the economic progress Indian voters should think beyond religion, rather they should think of development of the nation and vote Western countries always wanted the Asian countries destabilized Barbs deserve to be ignored NaMo ROCKS NEXT INDIAN PRIME MINISTER RAHUL GANDHI. of course narender modi is the one who peep up the religious riot and cause the genocide in the ambiance of gujrat. Gujarat primary health centres PHCs and community health centres CHCs are quite well equipped, but there are no doctors to handle them. Rural Health Statistics in India , by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, says that in 2012, as against the required strength of doctors in PHCs of 1,156, the state government sanctioned 1,123 posts, but just about 778 doctors posts were filled up and there was sho fall of 380. Gujarat sho fall in doctors of 31 per cent was higher than all major Indian states, except Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. In CHCs, the required strength of specialists was 1,272, but the state sanctioned 346 posts, out of which only 76 were filled up. This has had its impact on the state government effo to reduce infant mo ality rate IMR and maternal mo ality ratio MMR . A study published in international health journal Lancet, Neonatal, 159 month, and under5 mo ality rate U5MR in 597 Indian districts, 2001 to 2012 , said that Gujarat six districts figure among 42 of India top laggard districts. Gujarat laggard districts are Valsad, which could reduce the U5MR from 59 per 1000 to 56.8, or by 0.3 per annum Panchmahals, from 83 to 84.9, or by 0.8 per annum Sabarkantha from 79 to 70.0, or by 0.9 per annum Dahod from 105 to 83.6, or by 1.9 per annum Amreli, from 59 to 46.2, or by 2.0 per annum and Vadodara, whose U5MR went up from 73 to 73.6, increasing by 0.1 per annum. Between 2001 and 2011, India U5MR fell by 3.08 per annum, as against Gujarat which fell by 2.6 per annum. Malnutrition levels of Gujarat children remain high. The India Chronic Pove Repo , published by the Indian Institute of Public Administration, has calculated that Gujarat 43.13 per cent children are of normal weight, as against the India 54.16 per cent. Poor nutrition levels stem from failure to take care of mothers health. Office of the Registrar General of India data show that Gujarat rate of fall in MMR between 200406 and 201012 was 23.75 per cent, as against the allIndia 29.92 per cent. As many as 12 states Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Assam, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattigarh, Kerala, Bihar, Jharkhand and Andhra Pradesh performed better. Gujarat development experience thus suggests the deep authoritarianism that made specific aspects of the recent growth experience possible is not so delinked from its fascist manifestations in spectacular forms of violence against religious minorities, scheduled castes and tribes and lower castes that the state has witnessed in its recent past. Shipra Nigam is Consultant Economist with Research and Information Systems RIS for Developing Countries
Can the information in our genes reveal serious medical issues years in advance? A leading geneticist thinks it possible.
Mallakhamb is traditional Indian spo in which gymnast performs near gravitydefying feats around ve ical wooden pole or rope. BBC Rajan Datar visits Mumbai, where the spo is popular with youngsters, and gets persuaded to give it go. But he soon discovers it is every bit as difficult as it looks. I should say it is Pride of Maharashtra wow great.
The Indian Supreme Cou has issued warrant of arrest for the chief of Sahara, one of India biggest business houses, after he failed to appear in cou . Difficult to arrest big thief . God save our country Lots of money never bring plesure in the life . Chor hai.
India navy chief has resigned after an accident on board submarine off the coast of Mumbai that injured seven sailors and left two missing. Admiral DK Joshi had accepted moral responsibility for this and other operational accidents involving navy ships in recent months, officials said. Why is this coming day late? This is like reading yesterday news paper.
The mobile phone in India has many uses other than making calls and sending messages. For hundreds of millions of people, mobile phone is sometimes the only piece of technology in their homes. This has led to unique uses for the phone in the country the world fastest growing market for mobile phones with 900 million subscribers. Here are five unusual Indian uses for the mobile phone. Indns awsm in every field weather it is good or bad. so? this is not different from any other country. we just arent that cheap. India is 2nd largest mobile user in the world Everbody has his own mobile phone . Much better than the west . No one can beat us in low cost innovation, commonly known as jugaad D. wow making use of technology to the fullest.
More than 900 Olive Ridley tu les have been found dead along the coast of the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, conservationists say. Wildlife groups said trawlers fishing illegally had not used devices to stop tu les getting entangled in nets. Expe say such large number of tu les has not been found dead on the southern Indian coast for 10 years. Olive Ridleys are endangered in India. They are one of five species of marine tu le to mate and nest on its shores. Survive them. dont make it business pls. Very bad. iam feeling bad for that somany died. Wonder how BBC gets the news before our media and environment ministrys attention. ARE WE DOING ANYTHING ABOUT IT.?. What makes people to like this post. . I dont understand??? This is major concern either you show your dissatisfaction or raise your voice. . Why like??? Are you guys ok and happy about this slaughtering???. the chances declining at velas shore we see the olive ridley tu les from the eggs and hatchling numbers are reducing year after year baby tu les going in sea have no life becauz of this kind of negligence . save them. As zoology student m very sad to read tis Very sad happening it should never happen again. This has gone on too long.
A Bengali filmmaker is attracting an audience for lowbudget films that are world away from glossy Bollywood extravaganzas. Tom Brook repo s. Bengali director Q is known as one of India most subversive filmmakers. Gandu, his movie about an aspiring rapper in Calcutta, was banned in its native country, while he directed psychedelic fantasy, Tasher Desh, based on the writings of 19th Century Bengali poet. Q is great .
Parents and students in India western state of Gujarat are up in arms over school textbooks full of glaring errors, it been repo ed. The textbook makes statements such as Japan dropped nuclear bomb on the US during World War II, and Propo ion of poisonous gas CO3 has increased due to cutting of trees, as well as Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated on October 30, 1948. It has more than 120 factual, spelling and grammatical mistakes, Indian network NDTV repo s. In fact, carbon trioxide is not normally found in nature, and India independence leader was killed on 30 January 1948. it true, and it has been for years, when was years old around 2000 and used to study in gujrat, remember an animal cha where most of the spellings were wrong. Say, Crocodile was spelled as Crocadile , similarly to oise as Te oise they all were funny, guess the Gujrati lingual way of speaking didnt spell some of the syllable. Just the way V in Bangala becomes B . so people end up spelling Velocity as Belocity and in names Vidya as BIdya P. Japan dropped bomb on the US. lol. Gujarat is rewriting history. ohh SAD. It must be the pentagon military industrial complex campaigning for some perve ed war somewhere. Sorry ive breen drinking cuban rum another instument of anti us imperialism please make them correct so that they could get the exact knowledge. the days are coming when all India have to follow these wrongs after modi being the p.m. . Highly developed gujrat Huh Embarrassing intimate them to correct this Another reason why I will not want modi in power. Bjp suppo ers please wake up Kejru is the next best person for pm. Even the university textbooks, which are first written in Gujarati and then translated to English, suffer similar fate. I had found some rather absurd sentences like Christians, Muslims, Hindus etc. wear different clothes, use different kind of cooking utensils, and other such nonsensical statements. This was apa from the tons of spelling and grammatical errors KUNJI MOHD what is your Miracle Any??? RIOTS miracles of feku. odi will be pm his year it happen only in india . Modi took 15 years to develop this . SAHIN ISLAM what was done In past 60 years by congress govt . Are not paying the price today?? Communal vote bank policy of congress Any thing can be happen in FEKU regime Incredible India 3. bbc is funded and run by saudi financiers adn its members are appointed by the cabinet of the royal family england is the only country who has members reserved for 35 BISHOPS OF ENGLISH CHURCHES PTHOOOO.
Two sailors who went missing after an accident on board submarine off the coast of Mumbai on Wednesday are dead, India navy confirms. The INS Sindhuratna was being tested at sea when smoke triggered the automatic closure of hatches. Seven sailors injured in the incident are recovering in hospital. The vessel returned to po on Thursday morning. Initial investigations showed arms on board the Russianbuilt INS Sindhurakshak may have played role in its sinking.
Indian feminist publisher Urvashi Butalia on progress for women in India economy she finds it both frustrating and inspiring and compares the position of women in India with neighbouring Pakistan. plzzz dont compare with paku. Mam condition of woman in india is good no need to debate.
India could break apa if it doesnt tackle corruption in its political system Arvind Kejriwal, the leader of India newest pa y, has told the BBC. Earlier this month, he resigned as chief minister of Delhi in protest at what he says was the blocking of his anticorruption reforms and is now leading his Aam Aadmi pa AAP spring election campaign. He spoke to the BBC Andrew No h. He doing all good we should suppo him as fu her as we can. We have seen what have done in Delhi now pl shut up Only commenting on others not capable of performing duties given in my opinion he shd hv stayed and tried to clean up the corruption in his state. at least try for 12yrs. it was hasty decision. want free from india if possible we can no longer tolerate it am from MANIPUR. India cannot break?Middle class hypocracy Ha ha It is already break from inside Any time that could happen Look at history of Europe, Russia even of India in time of free from British Rule these are the evidence nothing immo al in this world change is necessary Great r not like feku coward who always run away from interview Yes India will break if these idiots come in power This pa has suppo of terrorists, Naxalites, Maoists Khujliwal is the biggest liar of Indian politics India needs lot of Arvind Kejriwal . I still have faith in him Kejrewal is the best ledar Indian political pa ies. He is great man because he is revolutioner against corruption we can only say through. INDIA Can NOT Break . why Talk Non sense ?. The basic Indian is an educated illiterate, still belonging to the Raj What shame, sir Shardul Mishra who needs pm chair ?? Aap is never interest on it power hungry is feku so we all need feku to be pm copy of manmohan aap needs to stay in opposition for this they fight for elections. Subash Nijhawan who is breaking india ??.
Panic has gripped the no hern Indian town of Meerut where all local schools have shut because of leopard on the loose. A high ale has been sounded in the town, which is twohour drive from the capital, Delhi, after the animal attacked and injured six people. The search continues for leopard on the loose in India. Rebecca Williams repo s. Hope they dont harm the leopard Incredible India. instead of capturing photo they can catch that leopard. Main reason peoples destroy the forests ,. Okay so our authorities cant catch leopard . give respect and take respect. but the leopard goes on It happens only in India . I seriously hope the leopard is protected. Pls save the leopard. Love that Cat . It not tiger. Just leopard that is not larger than human. .
For many, this is the year to vow to finally get big promotion, or learn to step out of your comfo zone and find way to act differently at work. For others, perhaps the goal is to be more persuasive with customers, colleagues, the boss or anyone else at the office. BBC Capital coaches you how to jumpsta your career in 2014
Most humans living on the planet may face chronic water sho ages within two generations. What can we do now to protect our most precious resource? should use economicaly Let us save water so that the posterity doesnt face the impending crisis of water . Welcom BBC news. Make more stunning photos and news repo fast as fox tv. Plant as many forests as possible So that humidity comes back.
Women in Nepal do the lion share of agricultural work, and it common for them to continue working in the fields throughout pregnancy. But this can seriously affect their health, and that of their unborn child. In the Himalayan nation of Nepal, in the village of Pawati, Januka Rasaeli plants vegetables on her farm. After an hour, she treks back home to chop wood. Before long, she is herding goats on hillside, under the hot sun. It is common here for women to do backbreaking work in the fields, but Januka is seven months pregnant. Despite her expanding belly, there is no let up. Where is the husband,must be under tree taking nap till its time to go back home For stomach she have no other options. She have no option to survive because most of resource of globe has been unde ake by Europians her husband family must mad such cruel behaviour lakta hay insaniyat bul gayi hope herself her child is fine. She works not bcz she doesnt want bt she Doesnt hv any Option. Along with her Child she must need to feed her whole family to m also Nepali study in Banglore nt bcz dnt want live in My Country but hv no any other Option rather studing here Not to forget she must be cooking meals at least twice day other than this tedious daily task She must be careful about her health. She must be careful about her health. this is unfair. women in Britain produce sex films when they are pregnant why dont BBc do an icle on great london sex story you racist scum pthooo.
It is estimated more than 400,000 children under the age of 18 work on cotton farms across India. According to the most recent study by the International Labor Rights Forum in the US, half of them are younger than 14. Their main role is to crosspollinate crops by taking the stamen of the male plant and rubbing it onto the female plant. It is laborious task, but it helps farmers to get better yield. Many of them prefer to employ children because they have nimble fingers and are the same height as the plants. The Indian government says the number of children aged between five and 14 who are working in the fields is going down. Delhi is working to improve this fu her by creating an environment where families do not need to send their children to work. But the use of child labour is very evident to anyone driving through the cotton fields of rural India. Mr Desai, will you employ one of yours in cotton fields? These children are loosing out in education, playtime and childhood in general. If our government would have been little more sensitive, these situation would not have arrived. Corrupt politician and their in effective policies, middle man, ineffective governance taking toll in these children and country in general. Please refrain from child labour and dont suppo it I hate child labor. Every body should stand against it Nothing wrong if they are working atleast Finding fault with India is pastime of Western world and u.s Some how they want to establish their thoughts on us, but they are westing time .
India could break apa if it doesnt tackle corruption in its political system Arvind Kejriwal, the leader of India newest pa y, has told the BBC. Earlier this month, he resigned as chief minister of Delhi in protest at what he says was the blocking of his anticorruption reforms and is now leading his Aam Aadmi pa AAP spring election campaign. We speak to Arvind Kejriwal, the politician with hole in his sweater The only respectable one, the rarest of the rare, I salute him is this the whole interview?. he is new breed in indian politics. this is real indian. man of india. People like Kamal Kumar is still living in old establishment with rampant corruption eating the country inside out. Please come out of the shell and look beyond the older pa ies & their corrupt and at times their convicted leaders. Please suppo the newer educated, focused pa ies and their leaders. We all together can & should be able to prevent the convicted criminal people contesting the elections, prevent dynasty politics, no more then two term in office, no more older 70 years or more politicians and uneducated politician. Is it too much to ask for
Barack Obama once called the relationship between the US and India the defining pa nership of the 21st Century yet the relationship is going through rough patch. There was the recent diplomatic row over the arrest of an Indian official at the United Nations and now there is deepening economic spat over cheap drugs and pirated software made in India. The Office of the US Trade Representative the body which regulates US trade in the world held hearing on 24 February to consider calls to put India on watch list of worst offenders for alleged violations of American patents. From Washington, the BBC Brajesh Upadhyay repo s. You cant do anything new unless you break something old Our own Indian political establishment and their corrupt & ineffective policies are to be blamed for the present condition of the country. They are fighting among themselves forgetting the country for which they are there in the first place hollowing the country inside out. Parliament is almost disabled because of conflict of their own selfish interests. No discipline in parliament. They all shout at each other like lunatics and do acts inside the parliament which is shameful and utterly condemnable. What do you aspect when they cant even agree on LokPal bill, let alone pass it. The reason is obvious, they all know lot of them will be behind the bar for good. God save its own country India is the worlds biggest democracy America takes steps as per their directives. They do not think about interests of other countries. It is only their discretion to say that what is right and wrong as suited to them Americans are first class Hippocrates .
Bombay Velvet, one of India most eagerly awaited films, comes from maverick filmmaking powerhouse Anurag Kashyap. Bombay Velvet is jazzy picture that will track the emergence of Mumbai into metropolis in the 1960s. It will star two big names in Bollywood cinema Ranbir Kapoor and Anushka Sharma. The movie is inspired by real events that took place in the city and is based on historian Gyan Prakash novel Mumbai Fables. It will provide another oppo unity for Kashyap to demonstrate his skillfulness as one of India most adventurous filmmakers. wh g. what great.
Bollywood famous handpainted poster has been on the decline in the past decade, but few ists in the Indian capital, Delhi, are customising film posters with their clients faces in bid to revive interest. The BBC Akanksha Saxena took these photographs at one such studio in Delhi. I hope it doesnt decline, they are so talented and gifted, that what makes the movies so memorable, it the movie posters, I love them, as I am sure plenty of other people do also.
India is one of the world fastest growing markets for mobile phones with 900 million subscribers. It sounds like lucrative market to be involved in. But network operators have just committed $10bn in the latest round of spectrum auctions essentially selling mobile phone networks the rights to transmit the signals they need. With many of those operators saying the prices they ended up paying were too high, what does it mean for the companies and their customers? Yogita Limaye repo s. need cheap call rates and tarriff.
Until few days ago, WhatsApp founder Jan Koum and his business pa ner Brian Acton were relatively unknown outside Silicon Valley tech circles. Now they are being discussed worldwide as California latest billionaires. The internet is alive with the news that Mr Koum, 37, and Mr Acton, 42, have sold WhatsApp to Facebook for $19bn PS11.4bn . In fact, before founding WhatsApp, both men were actually turned down for jobs at Facebook. This is an irony that has not been lost on internet commentators in light of the huge amount the social networking giant is laying out for WhatsApp. So what do we know about the men behind WhatsApp? Big idea needs passion, hardwork, dedication and dream to chase
India has said it will not use an antipiracy law to try two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012. The government told the Supreme Cou that the law, which carries the death penalty, would not apply in the case. The marines will still be tried but under less stringent criminal laws. India decision to use the antipiracy law led to diplomatic row with Italy.
India government has asked the Supreme Cou to put on hold the release of four of the seven people convicted of involvement in the 1991 murder of former PM Rajiv Gandhi. Still how long they want to live in jail, this is unethical mr sanjay gi hea of india.
Fourhundred sixty horsepower per tonne. Zero to 62mph in 3.2 seconds. A top speed of 150mph and over 2g of lateral cornering force. Enough fastness, then, to outpace even the sprightliest grizzly bear. Meet Canada latest trackday lightweight, the Magnum MK5. Wild and crazy. . Wow like this. A thing to overpower spirits Mighty machine This car is so wonderful .
Facebook $19bn PS12bn purchase of instant messaging app WhatsApp has many of its users wondering about the app future. BBC technology repo ers Carolyn Rice and Dave Lee took to the service to discuss what might be on the horizon. just change whatsapp to facebook massanger
Facebook has bought messaging app WhatsApp in deal wo a total of $19bn PS11.4bn in cash and shares. It is the social networking giant biggest acquisition to date. WhatsApp has more than 450 million monthly users and is popular with people looking to avoid text messaging charges. In statement announcing the deal, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg described WhatsApp services as incredibly valuable . Just do betterment to whatsapp Dont put any kind of charges whatsapp is good the way it is Freeeeee. Very old story. this deal has shaken the corporate world too. but dont have whatsapps.
Household help is integral to urban Indian society and it is huge market. A few young technology companies in India are trying to tap into this market, and introduce more professional pedigree. At least 2.5 million households are currently searching for employees in India largest eight cities alone, estimates Get Domestic Help GDH , an online job placement agency based in the capital, Delhi. Households often hire up to three workers. We look at why India domestic help are joining job sites This should be banned, as these ppl need to be educated rehabilitated
Panic has gripped the no hern Indian town of Meerut where leopard is on the loose, officials said. Schools and colleges are shut and high ale has been sounded in the town, which is twohour drive from the capital, Delhi. The animal entered hospital on Sunday and was locked in room for few hours before it escaped, repo said. Large numbers of policemen have been deployed and wildlife expe have been called in to help capture the animal. loose this leopard to indian parliament forest officer should prevent from happening like this. o. It happens only in India hahhah. Our Indian citizens are like first safe,please arrange our Indian government.
India recent interim budget was low on preelection giveaways but the finance minister did reveal that the fiscal deficit was better than had been predicted. That has been largely down to the role of India growing expo but can it be sustained? Sameer Hashmi repo from seafood factory.
What does freedom look like in South Asia? Anirudha Sharma feels most free when he is away from his office environment and out instead in the fresh air with the trees, rivers, mountains and lakes for company, as this image from Himachal Pradesh in no hern India shows. This Holi we will be in Rishikesh .
Indian and Qatari officials have insisted the death rate among Indian workers in the 2022 World Cup host nation is not abnormal. The Indian embassy in Doha revealed on Monday that 455 Indians had died in 2012 and 2013, prompting concerns from labour organisations. But spokesman for the Indian foreign ministry said the overwhelming number of deaths were due to natural causes. The emirate has been under pressure to improve conditions for migrant workers. Indian lives have no value Most foreign countries treat Indians as laborers unskilled clerks in semi skilled jobs This coming from Gulf country is an absolute shame
Police in India say they have killed seven Maoist rebels in the western state of Maharashtra. The clash happened when police patrol came under rebel fire in Gadchiroli district, relatively undeveloped region, police said. The district is on Maharashtra border with the central state of Chhattisgarh and is stronghold of the rebels.They control large areas of several states in red corridor stretching from no heast to central India. The Maoists are active in more than third of India 600 districts. They say they are fighting for the rights of the poor. When this meanus will be over from the country?. Dont worry police, definitely tomorrow mng we will going to receive news that nearly 50 police were killed. Dont get exited now
Indian musician Nadeem Saifi, who has been living in exile since being accused of murder in 2000, has demanded an apology from the Indian government. One of Bollywood most successful musical directors, he was implicated in the death of his record label manager 16 years ago. In 2002, judge ruled the case against him had not been proved, but his arrest warrant has never been withdrawn. murder alligation murdered highly talented music composers, great loss of bollywood and innumerable music lovers. India loss by indian law RIP justice. los Indian music by him though its nt yt prvd. I wish him the very best , still has lot to share with the world.
India often attracts generalisations and stereotyping, but more often it defies them. After all, it is an enormous and varied place with the genetic, linguistic, culinary and sa orial diversity which are usually found in continent. Sam Miller, former BBC Delhi correspondent who has spent more than half his adult life in India, has chosen 10 big facts about India. We devoleped but not in clean.
Today on the BBC India Business Repo , we talk about salvaging the declining tradition of the Indian sari, signs of revival of bikini sari and much more. Watch the BBC India Business Repo at 10pm tonight, only on BBC World News channel. Under the influence of globalisation we all imitate the rich, what they eat, what they wear and what they do as whole .
The eyes have it. A member of security staff walks past Bollywoodthemed mural featuring the actor Aamir Khan at the new terminal of Mumbai international airpo . Check out BBC Culture picture slideshow Yuvraj Taak do think people who have no indian roots can really talk and write about our culture? Obviously no Thats why they post such things. Even their photographers look at what they really post about India True that even the photos they post are sometimes so blurred. Professionalism is lost yes Itz 2gud 4r oll B.ed studtz. Who ve pssd jason ppl listen reading on BBC for news if really they want to knw bout Indian culture than they shuld try to go on Incredible India This is I prefer cnn to bbc. Is this news?.
India Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram has cut indirect taxes on cars and mobile phones in an attempt to boost economic growth. Mr Chidambaram unveiled the move as he presented the interim budget ahead of this year general elections. In his speech he expressed concerns over the health of the manufacturing sector and rising food prices. It has no meaning with the daily bread earners Middle Class will be able to Afford. what the need for reducing taxes on cars for the rich.
Every day, Mumbai dabbawalas deliver some 200,000 tiffin boxes of freshly made food from homes to offices in the city. Satyaki Ghosh documented this highly organised trade that has been feature of the city for more than century. A high end of Coordination and team work . Really dabbawalas are doing great job. I salute them. Hats off Encouraging Rajendra Raja this is not low class job. They got Sigma Ranked. Do you know about Sigma 6?. with zero technology. great indians highly precision in time and dedication. That why people sustaining in the Mumbai to be cool in their life Till lower job contiue in india Its so sad. Incredible India An amaging organised and efficient service Incredible men Jai Hind .
Fifa president Sepp Blatter once called India the leeping giant of football. With the world second largest population, many feel India is underrepresented in the world most popular spo . For One Square Mile, Tim Samuels set out to see if India can ever learn to play and love the beautiful game. thr great footballers in india its just that they dont get the right facilities and healthcare here so they cant come up to the professional level. It time India comes out of Cricket Fever It has really killed every other spo Look at Rugby Stadium in Delhi built for the infamous CWG 2010 getting conve ed to Cricket Stadium Speaks volumes about C Frenzy on this nation Wake Up India Ranking of 158 in World Football is shame. Indians crazy about football, especially the ones living in my state of West Bengal. The body that governs the Indian football does not do its job well. otherwise, India wouldve definitely had one of the best teams. What about the Hockey then THE NATIONAL GAME OF INDIA . Time is not long away when cricket gets replaced by football in India Football should be given the same impo ance as cricket Wth. Cricket is originated in uk, and uk never manage to win single World Cup.
BBC India Business Repo provides an indispensable guide to the big stories to watch out for in the week ahead. This week, we visit seafood company to see how expo are helping the country economy and question whether the role of India growing expo can be sustained. Catch the telecast of BBC India Business Repo on BBC World News channel at 11am and 10pm today.
Mumbai in day mango comes in Market You know, while calibrating or testing monitor, we need picture with lots of different colors. Whenever I have been on the streets and bazaars of India, I have always found each photo so colorful that I can actually use it for the purpose. Amazing Incredible India 000000000564713356730743403000000.
Italy has recalled its ambassador to India in continuing dispute with Delhi over two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen. The foreign ministry said Daniele Mancini would fly to Rome immediately because of yet another unacceptable, deliberate delay in the cou s. The Supreme Cou was due to hear the case on Tuesday but it was postponed. Italy was already angered by an Indian decision to try the two men for the 2012 killings under an antipiracy law. itly said that all indian ench and what can do mine ?. Why foreigner need hear 1st , in view of law, all are equal and need to wait for there turn. World should know how Indian judiciary worked Dont be scared of the first world Fight the losers
More than 50,000 Muslims still live in refugee camps in the no hern India after wave of religious riots in which 60 people were killed. It is thought local clash in one village spiralled out of control and many of those who lost their homes feel abandoned by the authorities. Sanjoy Majumder repo s. that truth but in contrast with the muslim populated countries like syria,egypt,Bangladesh e.t.c muslim people are living more harmoniously except very few pa of the country,look to Kerala for instance. Im 29 and single still the more I read about this kind of sadness and see the children faces the more I think about international adoption as possibility in my future Muslims not Indian ? If the ans is yes then we should not compare the incidents happening in the countries like syria egypt or bangladesh Abhijith A. shame on authority ,fr ors is secular state First we Indian We brothers do not play politics. Such actions can not unite india It worrisome trend it will breed hatred Air this news in channels
Jagdish Tytler, former Delhi MP and minister, is among the Congress pa members accused of leading the mobs during the 1984 antiSikh riots. Mr Tytler denies any wrongdoing and in March 2009, India Central Bureau of Investigation CBI cleared him. But after an ensuing outcry, his pa dropped him as candidate for the general elections that year. In 2013, Delhi cou ordered the CBI to investigate the allegations against Mr Tytler once more.
Campaigners representing UK Sikhs have demanded full public inquiry into the extent of UK involvement in deadly 1984 attack on Sikh temple in India. Truth should be come out.People dont know any thing about reality and comment on the sensitive issue in wrong manner what were the armed terrorists doing in the holy temple ???? were they praying ????.
Three men have been sentenced to death by cou in the Indian capital, Delhi, for the abduction, gang rape and murder of 19yearold woman in 2012. The woman mutilated body was found in the neighbouring state of Haryana, three days after she had been abducted. There has been growing alarm at sexual violence in India since the 2012 fatal gang rape of student on Delhi bus. But violence and discrimination against women remain deeply entrenched in India staunchly patriarchal society. Government crime data shows that rape is recorded every 22 minutes in the country. Cut their tools And upload the video on internet so that other guys dont even dare to do that mrs marcos their no matter in dress the matter is in ur eyes of watching the way of path looking at so pls change ur attitude on grls of ths type. hang them in public. we should destroy their eyes first and cut these insects of gu ers into pieces and feed them to hungry dogs in public place that way the others will have fear and stop such cruel crime the good people of India. ye rule and regulation kya tere baap ne bnaye to tang doge. . . such shame Fr tz fu the punishment is gvn or follow islamic rules not only ??. The real problem is indian law and judisary, takes years to give verdictes and even after that the criminal can challange it on higher cou , its very hard to get justice for any common man bcz in the cou one single case can take 15 to 20 years if it challnge in higher and higher cou s. surely. first try to dress decently . Give them to public And government just watch . Hang the rapists up .
A major highway in India has abolished tolls to end traffic congestion. The eightlane expressway connecting the capital, Delhi, with the suburb of Gurgaon, has been controversial ever since it opened in 2008. Some 200,000 vehicles take the highway daily. Sometimes they can take up to 20 minutes to clear the toll gates. Effo made to decongest the traffic by putting up additional collection windows and deploying more people to manage the traffic failed. yeah, when used to live in gurgaon , before the era of Delhi Metro system. Crossing that Toll Booth in bus was the biggest challenge for me. once got stucked there for 35 hours and it was cars and trucks as far as my eye could see. on 8 lane track. just imagine. Hey think their sud be some new rule for it it will be not gud solution to improve it D.
Fo unes are being made on the subcontinent, but in contrast to China, India newly rich arent investing in . Georgina Adam explains.
The Arctic Monkeys performed amazingly at the Brit Awards 2014 Catch their performance and other acts like Jessie J and Ellie Goulding on the premiere telecast of the Brit Awards 2014 on Vh1 India channel tonight at 9pm IST Repeat telecast happens tomorrow morning at 11am on Vh1 India channel.
The former editor of prominent news magazine in India has been charged with the rape of female colleague. Tarun Tejpal has also been charged with sexual harassment and outraging the modesty of woman , Press Trust of India repo s. Mr Tejpal, former editor of Tehelka, has been in prison since 30 November. He denies the charges. His unnamed accuser has alleged that he assaulted her at an event organised by the magazine in Goa in November.
Indian media are discussing doctored photo of US President Barack Obama apparently listening to speech by Indian politician Narendra Modi. It isnt clear who doctored the image of the leader of India main opposition, the Bharatiya Janata Pa y, but the fake photograph went viral across Indian social networks recently. Haha Chutiyap people suffering from NaMonia This scene is fake. It is just represantation of future. A day will come when actually s prez will watch namo Why should Obama be watching what wrong if he watches Modi ?? This is fabricated pic. Obama dont have the time for this kind of stupid things AAP is great. it cheap publicity of bjp there is nothing real about that country except the bad one of the feku person . Nobody care about him in United States. Obama some times will see discovery channel that all. NaMo fans are badlymadly insecure Lol mr. Nitish Kumar Diwakar they divided Andhra? And why BJP suppo ed the bill and had the formation of Telangana in its manifesto?. Its photoshopped image the blue background itself shows the photoshop effect. the image at the sides are blurred none of the news has shown modi like this screen . this is real photo. not fake Bjp is big liar fraud this fake obama pic fake tweet of sara tendulkar fake namo tea stalls fake tweet prieta zinta etc Correct how could Mr. Obama be so comfo able . just cheap tricks .
India upper house of parliament has approved bill to carve out new state in the south of the country, following days of political turmoil. Lawmakers opposed to the division of Andhra Pradesh state chanted No, no as PM Manmohan Singh delivered speech sho ly before the vote. Telangana will become India 29th state once the bill is signed into law by the president. The creation of the new state has proved bitterly controversial. Thats all india needs is division of responsibiliym. Telangana was Expected. but the processing and the role of central govt was painful
Tamil Nadu decision to free seven people convicted of plotting the assassination of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi is being described by many as political masterstroke by the ruling state government. This is outrageous and injustice to the late prime minister. The President should have declined the mercy petitions and never should have let this go this far. Then why congress make tie up with dmk and viduthai siruthai suppo er of prabhakaran ????. He was bicthass. It is Thz the time to react against rule No justice for prime ministr thn wat will be contion of normal human being No any respect of god rama in country of rawana Ah,the irony
The chief minister of India Andhra Pradesh state has resigned in protest against bill in the parliament to create the new state of Telangana. Kiran Kumar Reddy said he had also quit the ruling Congress pa y. Mr Reddy move came day after the lower house of the parliament approved the bill amid protests. The bill is likely to be introduced in the upper house on Wednesday, paving the way for the creation of India 29th state. Telangana is bi right of every individual took bi in our motherland Telangana Its been 60years of struggle for the separation Where wealth and power is distributed only in the hands few individuals who belong to AP our neighbourhood state Inequalities and domination has led to formation of Telangana he shouldnt be resigned, he should welcome to the union government that enhanced the Democracy in the suffering area. Gorkhaland next quickly. It must be equal economic separation between Telangana and Seem Andhra
Palm trees, Vegasstyle clubs, taxfree salaries, perfectly manicured promenades. Something about Dubai, the most famous of the seven kingdoms that make up the United Arab Emirates, makes living in the dese seem exotic and luxurious. For hundreds of thousands of expats and wouldbe global professionals, it muchsoughtafter stop in career. Thinking about relocating? Here how to get hired and settled into one of the glitziest cities in the world, while also being prepared for some of the drawbacks. reminds of some futuristic city in hollywood movie. city of retards where you make worlds tallest building with the blood of 88 labours
Indians have traditionally seen gold as the safest form of investment and sign of prosperity and good luck. In fact, the government introduced strict rules because the precious metal was being bought in such volumes. And the latest data show demand has fallen by about onethird in recent months. Sameer Hashmi repo from Bangalore on India special relationship with gold. Jewellers need free trade policy controlling gold will not work out in any sense only promote sub way to unauthorize trading Govt should think over the issue seriously taking deficit finance in the core of the subject I hate politics.
Many people visiting India face long queues for tourist visa from embassies or agencies and then still have to wait days or even weeks for approval. Currently, citizens of just 11 countries can get the paperwork on arrival at an Indian airpo but the country visa on arrival scheme should soon be extended to visitors from 180 countries. Yogita Limaye repo on whether the move would help the tourist market. Yes, they issue the visas on the same day and then take or more days to send it. They do it deliberately to get back at other countries for being slow giving visas. Very narrow minded in you consider that every foreigner coming spends money . This great fault of Indian Government
The rapid growth of the Indian economy means many people often young are trying to strike out on their own. But despite huge potential market, it is often huge challenge. Sameer Hashmi repo from Bangalore, India.
There is just no denying it MercedesBenz has known how to set the world hea aflutter of late. Designed for the sixth instalment in the Gran Turismo video game franchise, which celebrates its 15th anniversary this year, the AMG Vision Gran Turismo is futuristic take on Mercedes revered 300SL racing car of 1952. Breathtaking on the autoshow floor, the car managed to make nearby SLS AMG Black Series look positively staid no small feat. Always royal ride. awesome car Any guess how much it costs? About PS90,000 Beautiful Mercedes,great photo. o. wish my bf have this car.
Millions of people continue to live in places that outlaw samesex relationships and prosecute people for being gay. In five countries and in pa of two others, homosexuality is still punishable with the death penalty, while fu her 70 imprison citizens because of their sexual orientation. Where is it illegal to be gay? hopefully homosexuality will become legal soon. my prayers are with those who being denied the basic right to love just because ce ain section of the society is biased. but it is. What so ever people say dont go through that
Penguin India has defended its decision to recall and destroy copies of book on Hinduism by prominent US scholar. In its first comments on the row Penguin said it had to respect the laws of land, such as those which make it crime to offend religious feeling. Penguin also said it had duty to protect its employees against threats. Wendy Doniger book The Hindus An Alternative History had been the subject of legal challenge claiming the text was offensive to Hindus. Penguin action is correct, do not listen to croock bunch of writers who are traitors of Hindu religion and culture . Nice decision by penguin . They should ban all the religious books then, for every other religion has in its all texts stated that every other god except the god of their religion is demondevil. If this thing doesnt violate any law and they are allowed to be printed distributed, even used in cou s, how come book based on study and perception of history and society of scholar become something blasphemous and harmful to society. By censoring the books, the internet, the information networks, you are only exhibiting your insecurity, ignorance, intolerance and skewed narrow view in life, so unlike the philosophy of hinduism which promotes freedom and libe based on true wisdom and knowledge and mind calm and open to everything. These kind people are the reason why Hinduism became tainted with all the nonsense and inhumane conventions Self acclaimed Hindus, please first stop hating and banning something and learn the teaching of Bhagvad Gita. Dont ashame yourself by calling yourself HINDUS when you dont know what actually HINDUISM teaches. The problem is that most Hindu are far away from Hinduism and its teachings here mention words from Bhaktivedanta VedaBase Bhagavadgita As It Is 7.27 O scion of Bharata, O conqueror of the foe, all living entities are born into delusion, bewildered by dualities arisen from desire and hate. PURPO The real constitutional position of the living entity is that of subordination to the Supreme Lord, who is pure knowledge. When one is deluded into separation from this pure knowledge, he becomes controlled by illusory energy and cannot understand the Supreme Personality of Godhead. The illusory energy is manifested in the duality of desire and hate. Due to desire and hate, the ignorant person wants to become one with the Supreme Lord and envies Krsna as the Supreme Personality of Godhead. Pure devotees, who are not deluded or contaminated by desire and hate, can understand that Lord Sri Krsna appears by His internal potencies, but those who are deluded by duality and nescience think that the Supreme Personality of Godhead is created by material energies. This is their misfo une. Such deluded persons, symptomatically, dwell in dualities of dishonor and honor, misery and happiness, woman and man, good and bad, pleasure and pain, etc., thinking, This is my wife this is my house I am the master of this house I am the husband of this wife. These are the dualities of delusion. Those who are so deluded by dualities are completely foolish and therefore cannot understand the Supreme Personality of Godhead Hinduism is the religion that says every life is precious and equal, no matter what they or in case of humans, what race, religion they of so respect that RELIGION that respects entire WORLD, unlike other religions who sees themselves as the best. And destruction of quality academic work hu me The role of the famous Penguin has changed over the course of Time from Rushdie to nw Doniger, from defender during killings to now to surrendering without any fatwa on Valentine . Why be in publishing area if you cant take abit of heat .
India Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram has cut indirect taxes on cars and mobile phones in an attempt to boost economic growth. Mr Chidambaram unveiled the move as he presented the interim budget ahead of this year general elections. In his speech he expressed concerns over the health of the manufacturing sector and rising food prices. And as Yogita Limaye repo from Mumbai, significant concerns remain about the state of India finances. To be honest, Indian tax laws are so complicating. Its hard to understand and calculate Indians should step out of this Bollywood kind of believe that one man can change nation of Billions, one man can change life of billionaires but not billions VOTE for best and clean person in your Constituency, forget about PM. PM is of our no use someone who matters to you is one from your constituency, who is aware about your problem and issues and who works for you PC always missed the requirements of the Common Man. How do people care about the cost of cars? Homes are unaffordable everywhere in the country. Poor infrastructure does not suppo idea of building satellite cities. UPA has put India 20 years behind its peers. And now some whacko with broom thinks he can make difference. NaMo, India needs toughie like you, to set things right. Your vision will put us back on the growth track. Hope rest of Indians do not behave irresponsibly like Delhi by voting for AAP who have NO experience in Politics F.M is unable to look after the poor people in india.specially the policy of UPA govt is rich is always be rich and poor is always be poor.just think how many poor people in india buying cars etc my india. C. Hay Frend s. Modi is the only person capable of fixing this country SO MUCH NEEDS TO BE DONE .10 YEARS BY THE UPA HAV BEEN WASTED SIR.DR,MANMOHAN SINGH DREAM TEAM HAS FAILED THE INDIAN ECONOMY TO BRING ABOUT A SOCIOECONOMIC REVOLUTION.BY LOWERIN TAXES AND DUTIES WE CAN IMPROVE COLLECTION AND COMPLIANCE MANIFOLD.THE BASIC LAW OF ECONOMICS HAS BEEN FORGOTTEN SIR.WARM REGARDS
Repo that the ultimate crime enforcer may be on our streets soon is largely news hype, says Quentin Cooper. Were more likely to see Robosnoop, not Robocop. In the new reboot he called the future of American justice . In the far superior 1987 original he the future of law enforcement . But is Robocop the future of anything? www.bbc.comfuturestory20140213mythoftherealliferobocop?OCID fbbbcindia
Valentine Day is celebrated in many countries across the world. But in India, the hashtags HappyParentsWorshipDay and ParentsWorshipDayOn14Feb are trending pa of an organised campaign to ditch the idea of romance between boys and girls in the country, and replace it instead with celebration of the love between parents and children. BBCtrending repo on how the trend sta ed and the debate about the meaning of love under the hashtag. .
Campaigners in India are pushing to introduce antiracism legislation after the recent killing in Delhi of college student from no heast India, the latest in series of apparent hate crimes. India has existing laws that deal with discrimination but none on the basis of race. The BBC Sanjoy Majumder repo on why India is being forced to come to terms with the issue. This is so sad. An innocent boy taken at the hands of racist thugs Youd think that we as people would have learned by now. I lived in Nagaland for years and I can tell you that the people are absolutely beautiful, and definitely just as Indian as any other. Anti racism legislation is needed immediately to help prevent any fu her cowardly attack of this so RIP. Race is an ificial construct, and any attack on another human being for their cosmetic appearance is crime of ignorance, and education needs to supersede any pursuit of justice. There is only one race, the human race. Until you deal with ignorance, and narrow minded traditionalism, you will continue to have hate crimes Just Delhi people responsible for those crime, they student in all of India nothing happen to them, they show off to much
Yogita Limaye repo on how India traditional family firms are dealing with competition from corporate companies
The worst kind of hangover is the one you cant cure with hairofthedog It the financial hangover. You threw caution to the winds or your credit cards at the sales assistants and now youre staring at the bills. In 2014, look to change not only your habits, but your mindset. Here are handful of tools and ideas to help you on the road to happier, financially healthier new year. Abide by Mint.com.
Sheikh Alamgir, 13, lived at the Sealdah railway station in the eastern Indian city of Calcutta for six years. He was among the nearly 500 children between the ages of five and 16 who have made the city secondlargest railway station their home. Photographer Arindam Mukherjee spent month with Alamgir to document his life am very disapointed by this , , nation who fighting for seats than povery and improvement. . . . Do we steel need to be proud to be an indian?. Let alone the metropolitan it is in every city of this country this situation is byproduct of cronyism which is flourishing rapidly due to nexus between executive and legislative babu nd neta the sad pa is that we know everything and we cant change thing how pathetic is that that photographer will make documentary and leave child to rot Can we relate this with erstwhile Left Front govt ? Or they habitual beggars byproduct of capitalism ?. miser and pove is fully visible in kolkotta question is has he now got the shelter ??. this type of journalism haas to be done . wen oua India wl slum free god blez the last icle they wrote was about another beggar girl from india Very disappointing that government is not doing anything for them. How sad, my hea aches for the children, but more so for the people who dont care.
Lasalgaon is Asia biggest onion market in Maharashtra, state which accounts for third of India 16 million tonnes annual production. The onion trade also underlines the many weaknesses of India trillion dollar economy Asia thirdlargest which is grappling with high inflation and low growth. Find out more about this onion mania as we peel away the layers of India food economy. There is usage in Malayalam,Ulli,tholicha pole,means when it peeled off,little,remains.peel off the Indian food economy,again Malayalam,Koranu kumbilil thanne kanji,the poor mans lot is always to live on meager food. A nightmare now to buy onions in Andhra Pradesh now .
The appointment of Satya Nadella as the new boss of Microsoft makes him just the latest Indian to rise to the top of global business. Firms as diverse as PepsiCo, MasterCard, Diageo and Adobe have CEOs who were born and bred in India. Yogita Limaye repo from Mumbai on why the country is producing so many successful global business leaders. Chinese people occupai USA but only talented indian went to USA Its not good to india But any way we wish him allways. Our Indian institutions & systems dont nu ure talent that obvious .
BBC India Business Repo provides an indispensable guide to the big stories to watch out for in the week ahead. Follow the Google mapping of the Taj Mahal with Shilpa kannan , all about India obsession with gold and much more on the India Business Repo at 10pm today, on BBC World News channel.
Underwater gardening in the Maldives
One Square Mile presenter Tim Samuels confirmed football fan and awardwinning repo er travels to Pune and meets players of India premier league Pune Football club, in pursuit to understand football allure in country traditionally enamored with cricket. Catch One Square Mile Pune special on BBC World News Channel today at 4pm.
BBC World News India Direct series continues with Working Lives Ahmedabad special. Presenter Rupa Jha, travels to Ahmedabad, city witnessing astonishing economic growth and home to the Mars mission, to meet localites from across the economic spectrum, and explore life in the largest city of the state of Gujarat. Catch Working Lives Ahmedabad special on BBC World News channel at 3pm today. today gujrat tomorrow india. It will. Family pa and Indian Institute of Theater pa is propagating opposite messages. Are these pa ies scared with NaMo development speed and feared of finishing their existence in future elections if NaMo comes to power ONCE Once ur out of the rat race, everything works for n others
Your pictures India A 300yearold historical site, Jantar Mantar, in the centre of Dehli becomes like many Mughal remnants, playground. Where are your tigers Hahahaha thanks Vladislav Valkov One day we both run here very soon I am sure about this D.
BBC India Business Repo provides an indispensable guide to the big stories to watch out for in the week ahead. Find out how is India giving tourism boost, why Indians are spending less in wake of the upcoming general elections and much more on the India Business Repo . Catch the telecast on BBC World News channel today at 11am and 10pm.
One Square Mile presenter Tim Samuels confirmed football fan and awardwinning repo er travels to Pune and meets players of India premier league Pune Football club, in pursuit to understand football allure in country traditionally enamored with cricket. Catch One Square Mile Pune special on BBC World News Channel tonight at 10pm.
Rupa Jha, of the BBC Delhi Bureau travels to Ahmedabad, the largest city and former capital of the state of Gujarat. Ahmedabad is one of the engines of India astonishing economic growth and home to the country controversial Mars mission. With thousands flocking to the city every year, its slums are teeming. Yet unlike many other Indian states, Gujarat is succeeding in bringing down the number who live in slums and Ahmedabad regularly scores highly on quality of life surveys. Catch the telecast of Working Lives India special on BBC World News channel tonight at 9pm Sorry to say, but an accelerated speed of growth has also increased the gap between the classes. I just met someone who could not even afford glass of milk for their children in Ahmedabad the guy is doing double shifts just to make ends meet. On the other side, guys driving high end cars as if they own the system have also increased. What is more impo ant measure of growth well nutritioned, happy family or shiny new car?.
Former Royal Marine officer and expedition leader Bruce Parry sheds the trappings of Western existence and lives alongside India Adi tribe in remote Arunachal Pradesh in the Himalayas. Western existence ??? You may wish to consider rephrasing that BBC needs to choose words more carefully
Penguin India has agreed to recall and destroy all remaining copies of book on Hinduism by leading American academic, according to repo s. Wendy Doniger book The Hindus An Alternative History had been the subject of legal challenge claiming the text was offensive to Hindus. dumb yanks as the sayin goes .
As pa of the India Direct series, we bring you One Square Mile India special. Tim Samuels confirmed football fan and awardwinning repo er travels to Pune, one of India fastest growing cities with burgeoning manufacturing and entrepreneurial sector. He visits Pune FC, in India premier league, meets the players, and their Dutch manager and goes to premier league match. Tim learns who watches football and hears about the spo allure in country traditionally enamoured with cricket. He also meets another football team, one made up of dalits, who can only aspire to the big time. Catch the telecast of One Square Mile Pune special on BBC World News channel today at 9am and 10 pm
The 2014 Auto Expo India show in Delhi attracted close to 600,000 people some 90,000 on the last day alone. Of course, there was bit of Bollywood glam to charm the masses, with stars Priyanka Chopra, Kareena Kapoor, John Abraham, Akshay Kumar and Ranbir Kapoor making suitably splashy appearances on behalf of automakers. But it was the cars that kept them coming The show boasted 70 vehicle debuts, including 26 global reveals. BBC Autos has surveyed the good, the bad and the ugly, and picked Auto Expo 2014 greatest hits This not is not site to adve ise your so called site Wow ausom.
Pathan Ashrafkhan Asifkhan, or Rajubhai as he prefers to be called, has turned the craft of handmaking kites into big business. At his shop in the crowded Old City of Ahmedabad, he sells 50,000 kites day in the week before the city big kite festival. He employs hundreds of people, mostly women, to make the simple tissue paper and bamboo kites that are used all over India. really great. Oppo unity is every where we have to identify them
Media cheer India return to the Olympic fold, while worry over the future of cricket following allegations of betting in the Indian Premier League IPL tournament. The International Olympic Committee IOC suspended India in December 2012 for holding elections in defiance of the Olympic cha er and appointing officials facing corruption charges related to the 2010 Commonwealth Games. The IOC on Tuesday lifted its ban on the Indian Olympics Association IOA following N Ramachandran appointment as the president in what the media described as clean elections . Its true. BBC will do anything to ashame India Internationaly U pick topics like that .
Meeting the right person is pa luck, but often an investment of time and money as well. Social media and matchmakers can help you find love at price. Sometimes paying extra for personal touch pays off in other ways. They approach the other side and if theyre not interested, theyll let you down gently and soften the blows of rejection, said Gourav Rakshit, chief operating officer of Shaadi.com in Mumbai. He said 10 to 15 of members use this upgraded service mostly parents posting profiles for their children. In honour of the Valentines Day celebration of love and relationships observed every 14 February, BBC Capital looks at the cost of finding love. moral stay single save money v.
As pa of the India Direct series, BBC Rupa Jha meets five very different people in Ahmedabad, one of India biggest cities, to ask them about their working lives. Sanjay Lalbhai traces his family involvement in the textile business back to the 19th Century, when Ahmedabad was known as the Manchester of India . His contribution to the family business was to bring it back from the brink of bankruptcy with the introduction of denim to India in the 1980s. His company, Arvind Mills, is now India largest denim manufacturer and one of the biggest jeans manufacturers in the world. Great story.
It stands as the centrepiece of New Delhi, but also serves as an emblem of the British and Indian relationship. BBC Culture looks back at jewel in the crown India Viceroy House I love countries India. A moment with colonial past Still center of power since its inception The second best icle by bbcindia the last one was on ahmedabad the Mars laboratory city of India and rag picking Indian kids But it all about indian wealth not from brits this is bearing the token of good relation between Britain and India.
Since she was around five years old, Kamlaben Parmar has worked as rag picker, collecting any pieces of rubbish, mostly plastic and paper, from the streets that can be sold. Ms Parmar parents died when she was very young and she says she cannot remember ever doing anything else except scavenging for rubbish to sell on. There are millions of Indians living this way, they are in fact saving the world by collecting segregating plastics and papers for recycling. They are the true heroes of this century saving the world I respect this lady because she love her job for living, got rubbish bad smell, no rubbish good smell A straight Salute for Gr8 Lady We should respect this section of the population more over with out their upliftment our country couldnt able to attain the super power status. need of the hour is more and more down to top planning to empower them she deserves respect. she is million times better than an engineer,doctor,technocrat.,politician. she does not sell her body or soul to make money like the corrupt doctors,politicians,technocrats in the third world,who can do anything to make money or forge ahead in life Ghanshyam Panchal A very irrelavent comment from you makes me to feel pity for u.
Manjula Pooja Shroff is an entrepreneur who runs about 30 private schools and education institutions across India. She is tapping into the boom in private education in country that has recently passed bill making free education between the ages of six and 14 fundamental right. tm .
As pa of the India Direct series, BBC Rupa Jha meets five very different people in Ahmedabad, one of India biggest cities, to ask them about their working lives. For two years, Minal Sampath, systems engineer working on India mission to Mars, worked flat out in windowless room, often for 18 hours day, to be ready for the country most ambitious space project to date We are proud of you . .
Many observers expect Indian voters to punish the ruling Congress pa in this spring general election for the country sharp economic slowdown and string of corruption scandals. But the poll may become referendum on all established politicians amid groundswell of anger at their failings. Andrew No h, the BBC South Asia correspondent, repo that an increasingly engaged younger generation is leading the charge. yes that true,their actions have devastating consequences in near future for India,it would be wise to keep them feom ruling for at least decade,but BJP is not good choice the minorities,there is other choice rather than these two in INDIA.hoping if anybody could come with any other option congress has only one tendency to rule India by hook or cook by the name of Gandhi
Electric cars are slow and dull, right? Not so fast, says Lord Paul Drayson. At 205mph, meet the world fastest electric car
Officials in the Indian state of Maharashtra are investigating repo that tigers are at risk because stray dogs are being dumped near reserve. Wildlife activists say municipal workers are taking the dogs deep into nearby forests to stop them returning to the city of Chandrapur. It is thought they carry virus that can kill tigers. Chandrapur commissioner Prakash Bokhad told the BBC he had demanded an explanation from his staff. It is vry serious matter steps shuld tkn imdtly to stop ths stray dogs being dumped in th forest. what beautifkul animal relaxing time. Stray dogs dangerous Better sterilize them and keep them in big dog houses. seve the tiger.
An Indian villager recently travelled more than thousand miles to the BBC office in Delhi in an unusual quest to claim millions of rupees he believed he had won in BBC lottery . Ratan Kumar Malbisoi, 41yearold unemployed Indian villager, fell for message he received on his mobile phone nearly two years ago. The message said I had won the BBC national lottery for 20 or 30 million rupees $319,000$478,000 PS194,000PS292,000 . I was asked to send my details so that they could send me the money, he says. haha have millions in my email account simply ignore it money cant measure my wo D. I dont blame Mr. Malbisoi. Why cant something me done to curb these fraudulent messages that keep going around ?. At least BBC can afford him travel expenses which he was spent for searching bbc office. Because he was poor villager more over he is uneducated He is brave man. Some1 has experienced it so others should not follow He nt stupid He just uneducatedunaware DOTTRAI shld do smthing for it This type of message from bbc also comes to me. There are different types of people foolish,innocent and sma . Many people wants to become rich over night and because of that get cheated I waiting this type of msz send me Mahendra Choudhary. kumar India is is country where everyone goes to BBC if they come to know they giving travel expense and all it is the TRAI to be blamed . Pathetic . india is full of such stupids Hence, needs educatioh and awareness . Idiot Thanks Mahesh Pawar ki tum ne to indian ka paks liya thanks for this. Prasad Bharadwaj ji this is not stupied thng plz dont say lke that hum indian itne bi stupied nahi hai jitna ki log samjte hai afer few year will see kya hota hai par hai app to kuch bi bol sakte ho ye tumara point of view Ok I said it in cou esy
Each city has its own distinctive soundscape, from birds and radios to trains and ambulances. For Delhi residents the backdrop of rushhour traffic is causing noise pollution so serious that expe are warning of serious health consequences. Is this the city with the loudest car horns? Law enforcement agency running symbolic system Agreed most of the vehicle ownerdrivers drive their vehicles without formal training and licenses procured through mere paying few hundred bucks so lack of formal driving skills creating ruckus on the street all over Delhi I think kathmandu can be serious contender.
BBC Talking Movies Tom Brook looks at new forms of Indian cinema, and interviews stars Aamir Khan and Shah Rukh Khan. The film industry in India produces around 1000 films every year, more than any other country but do action blockbusters still dominate? There has been an effo to inject some reality into Bollywood fantasy extravaganzas the film Chakde India touched on the legacy of pa ition the drama Like Stars on Ea told the story of boy with dyslexia and the 2009 megahit comedy Idiots had peer pressure among its themes. Are Bollywood blockbusters becoming less formulaic? Lol it said tars on ea for TZP. indian cinema is changing for the better now,except those useless starpower hits. We ,now,have more reality based films compared to past thats called helping. Stars on Ea h??? Good Lord D. Taching movie. beautiful film. simply loved it . lack of technology. only romance emotion in indian movie So swt conversation betn darsil amir. Lack of creativity. the two movies mentioned just awesome.ball is just sta ed to roll.but millions of miles yet to go.makers like Anuraag kashyap,Rajkumar hirani,Dibakar banerjee our hope. Thank you, for your negotiation Jay hind 09918790024.
British military advice was given to India ahead of the 1984 deadly attack on Sikh temple but it had only limited impact , MPs have been told. Foreign Secretary William Hague was delivering the findings of review into claims an SAS officer helped Delhi plan the raid which killed hundreds. The storming of the Golden Temple in the city of Amritsar was intended to flush out Sikh separatists. Shame lot of innocent people died From the result of these riots Horrifying past of 1984. good temple.
India President Pranab Mukherjee has presented the country highest civilian honour, the Bharat Ratna, to cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar. Tendulkar quit international cricket in November following India win over the West Indies in Test in Mumbai. Tendulkar is the first spo sman to win the award and at 40 the youngest. Dhyan chand deserve first than sachin. he is not fit for this. 100 politics he did not deserve Dhayan chand Milkha singh Kapil dev are more desireable. Wishes for our star player, dont enter politics in game sachin really deserve it. Crickets god is the beautiful good achivement for india the GOD OF CRICKET. When was the last time you read the news paper BBC?. Congratulations sachin ji Thanks Sachin. Shame for sachin congress. after some time shri dhyan chand will remain in documents only. am very happy to award. proud of & hats of u. this is the real cricket god. .
Can having good laugh or even making complete fool of yourself with colleagues really help you at work? Can it make you more productive, boost your energy and reduce absenteeism? Some people argue exactly that. I have found it absolutely true in my life
A piece from Alastair Sooke in our State of the A series on the Indian ist, Subodh Gupta. He is one of India most celebrated ists, making largescale sculptures out of everyday objects, such as pots and pans. See his work Oh Really, , Fantastic piece A proud moment for Bihari Diaspora Well done Subodh Gupta amazed with your istic display creation at NDTV with ravish kumar Very super. Good creation.
From robotic legs to laser arms, the owners of ificial limbs are no longer content with only one replacement, as Frank Swain discovers. Meet the man with 13 legs Take new stride with technology. Oh realy sad.
After months of searching and speculation, Microsoft has new chief executive company veteran Satya Nadella. The Indianborn technology executive is now tasked with leading company which has been dominated by the names Bill Gates and then Steve Ballmer since it was founded in the 1970s. It is company which is still the world largest software firm but has in the past decade seen keen rivals loom into view and shareprice fluctuations shake investor confidence at times. Happyiest news for Indian.To be an Indian , I proud of u, Satya. indain blood rocking.
Rescued from forced employment, 13yearold Lakshmi is frail and frightened. Two child protection officers hold her on either side as she walks into the police station. She was abducted four years ago from her village in no heast India. Until her rescue, she had been working in people homes across West Delhi cooking, cleaning and taking care of children. the named person is Avtar Singh living in G Block Hari Nagar, shameful act done by him and his wife These kids will work in police officers home, all know to government authorities even though they were silent
In January 2009, corporate scandal emerged that became known as the Enron of India. The chairman of Indian IT firm Satyam Computer Services admitted that its accounts had been falsified, in case that echoed the collapse of US energy group Enron. India government stepped in and appointed new board to try to sell the company. It was bought by Indian conglomerate Mahindra Group, which renamed it Mahindra Satyam, and put Chander Prakash Gurnani in charge. Good Morning India
What is business in India? India Business Repo look at the three main types of business in the country, sarees in style look at how the traditional India dress is changing and the business behind it, the business of Bollywood and how the onion influences Indian economy. Catch India Business Repo on BBC World News channel at 10pm today. still too much more to see as business in India Most Indian can speak English I know the Indian viewers very love the BBC World News I know the BBC respect the India market. what time launching the BBC World News India?.
For the first time, Indian independence hero Mahatma Gandhi own story of his life is to be available in China. The Story of My Experiments With Truth, which has sold more than 200,000 copies in India alone and has been translated in to some 35 languages, will now be translated in Mandarin to cater to what Chinese scholars say is the growing interest in the leader in their country. FB 11.I regret Gandhi today stands alone on lofty pedestal dese ed by politicians and followers in India. What remains is but cursory interest. Hope truth strikes roots in the hea of the future citizens world over The postIndependence Indian euphoria is over now thanked to Congress pa who idolised this one of great freedom fighter as god ignoring others great freedom fighters like Subhas Chandra Bose, Sarder Vallab Bhai Patel etc the NehruGandhi family exploited Indian politics by using this man name today HinduMuslim riotproblem lies because of his so called long vision as such his ideology vision is becoming irrelevant today India what RSS and Narendra Modi are saying is true fact He Ram . Man whom I hate the most great honour to us. Great. an impo ed use through product in china. .4 first time. . .
Talking Movies sits down with three of the biggest names in Indian cinema Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan and Mira Nair. In wide ranging interviews they discuss how Indian filmmakers are moving beyond the Bollywood cliches. Talking Movies also explores the vibrancy of regional cinema in India with visit to Pune centre for Marathi filmmaking. In addition the role of cinema as cultural force in both rural and urban India comes under scrutiny. Catch Talking Movies India special on BBC World News channel today at 1pm.
Presenter Rajan Datar will be roaming across India for special edition of the travel news show. He will be in Mumbai to repo on its growing nightlife as well as looking at how technology is changing tourism, and visiting the city first theme park Adlabs Imagica. Then it on to Kochrab Ashram in Ahmedabad where you can live like Gandhi for week. Moving to Goa Rajan meets volunteers of Clean Up India, before visiting the coast of Karnataka to ask if it will can be the new Goa. And in light of recent incidents Rajan will also explore how safe India really is female travellers. Catch Fast Track India special on BBC World News channel today at 12pm.
BBC India Business Repo provides an indispensable guide to the big stories to watch out for in the week ahead. What is business in India? India Business Repo look at the three main types of business in the country, sarees in style look at how the traditional India dress is changing and the business behind it, the business of Bollywood and how the onion influences Indian economy. Catch India Business Repo on BBC World News channel at 11am and 10pm today.
Delhi air quality is getting worse and little is being done to stop it, say expe s. The USbased Environmental Preference Index has denied media repo suggesting it found air quality in Delhi worse than in Beijing. But while China capital appears to be slowly turning the pollution clock back, India first city seems to have given up the fight for clean air, repo Jay Mazoomdaar. and what about New York & London ?. Scarves the ladies are wearing helps in judging its winter fog . I know you guys are not known for getting your facts wrong, although the picture most likely looks like morning fog that Delhi gets every winter Not only in Dehli. Seems that all trucks and buses give off plenty of black exhaust again as 25 years ago. Where are the policemen? Where are the FINES for bad driving and upkeep of the car?. wow that not healthy 4kids not gd place Keep making kids and increase the population and thereby increase transpo ation needs and pollute more . Here no one bothers Yes it is worst condin. Delhi has gone to the dogs, in every sense . Population boom has to be blamed for every mess in India And corrupted and sectarian politicos are mainly responsible for this boom
Figures suggest woman is raped in India every 22 minutes. Does the way female characters are depicted on screen play role? Talking Movies Tom Brook asks some of the industry major players. Isnt it true that woman is raped every minutes in USA? If so, would you blame Hollywood?. These kind of scenes in movies songs make di thinking , effected badly to youths . Yes thats the point you have raised All credit goes to indian media and culture.They show women as item number and marketing items.Thanks Indian culture.Nothing but hollowness Indian are Racist too. They Discriminate the People of No heast India hollywood is gospel , Indians should watch it to become kindga en shooters and psycho killers shcked to see that this comes from world largest media house of one of the most liberal nations Shameful to humanity. Can you count the mainstream movies where the female character is central to the plot or in non romantic role?. Its great shame us to being an indian. vry shameful factz. Yaa Of cours instructions for responsible Illiterate people who lives in fantasy after watching these type movies do something like as said. Nudity should be strictly banned on screen our culture doesnt allow us to follow western Indian woman have to be more like sunny leonne. To make money their or no limits do what need to do dont look back look forward secure future. Guys best thing to teach all kids karate for self defense and safe the future instead waisting time and thinking what is happens already secure children future. Negative about the depiction or dressing pa . IF IT WAS THE DRESSING STYLE WHY WHY DID THE AND YEARS KIDS GET RAPED as stated earlier the freakos were dejected and wanted to feel wo hy BUT could they look at themselves straight in the mirror . Shameful to all indians love india my motherland bt this is totally ridiculous . Ce ainly it is the media which is responsible for miscommunication of cultural values from one to other generation. the less wear the more popular become.
Presenter Rajan Datar will be roaming across India for special edition of the travel news show. He will be in Mumbai to repo on its growing nightlife as well as looking at how technology is changing tourism, and visiting the city first theme park Adlabs Imagica. Then it on to Kochrab Ashram in Ahmedabad where you can live like Gandhi for week. Moving to Goa Rajan meets volunteers of Clean Up India, before visiting the coast of Karnataka to ask if it will can be the new Goa. And in light of recent incidents Rajan will also explore how safe India really is female travellers. Catch Fast Track India special on BBC World News channel today at 7pm.
Talking Movies sits down with three of the biggest names in Indian cinema Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan and Mira Nair. In wide ranging interviews they discuss how Indian filmmakers are moving beyond the Bollywood cliches. They comment on sensitive issues such as whether or not violence against women is in any way connected with the way theyre depicted in mainstream films. Talking Movies also explores the vibrancy of regional cinema in India with visit to Pune centre for Marathi filmmaking. In addition the role of cinema as cultural force in both rural and urban India comes under scrutiny. Catch Talking Movies India special on BBC World News channel today at 6pm.
Vans move us. They move our stuff. They bring us ice cream and wedding cakes and letters from home. They get surfers to the beach, rock bands to their gigs and the kids to Disney World. What they dont get is much respect. In celebration of this humble conveyance, BBC Autos picks history 10 most memorable vans.
Presenter Rajan Datar will be roaming across India for special edition of the travel news show. He will be in Mumbai to repo on its growing nightlife as well as looking at how technology is changing tourism, and visiting the city first theme park Adlabs Imagica. Then it on to Kochrab Ashram in Ahmedabad where you can live like Gandhi for week. Moving to Goa Rajan meets volunteers of Clean Up India, before visiting the coast of Karnataka to ask if it will can be the new Goa. And in light of recent incidents Rajan will also explore how safe India really is female travellers. Catch Fast Track India special on BBC World News channel today at 10am and 7pm.
Until three decades ago, the area around the River Chambal in India no hern state of Uttar Pradesh was inhabited by gunbrandishing, horseriding gangs of bandits who claimed the badlands as their undisputed territory. Today, the area is better known for having one of India most unpolluted rivers and rich, unique range of avian life protected by the National Chambal Sanctuary, set up in 1978. it was much better when the bandits were there.it kept the poachers out
The Delhi Auto Show sta this week, providing another oppo unity to focus on the huge potential surrounding India car market. Many analysts expect it to be the world third largest car market after China and the US within next two years. But car sales fell last year for the first time in more than decade. The BBC Shilpa Kannan went to find out how car manufacturers are trying to revive their fo unes.
Poor governance and inadequate infrastructure are holding up growth in India, says World Bank chief economist Kaushik Basu. With annual growth rate hovering below , Asia thirdlargest economy has been weighed down by high inflation, weak currency and drop in foreign investment. A slowdown in mining and manufacturing hasnt helped matters. Thats what get when are ruled by Indian Congress UPA. Indian governments not play well S. Mr Koushik , Can you do something for your own country ?. modi is the only person who can save the nation. We can expect something only after lok shabha election. Dont expect anything from upa gov. Its created by corrupted Indian politicion. . Its clear fact. greate snaps
Police in the Indian capital, Delhi, say they have arrested one person in connection with an alleged attack on two women from no heastern India. The women from Manipur state say they were assaulted by group of men in busy area of the city on 25 January. It comes amid uproar in Delhi over last week beating and subsequent death of student from the no heast. Delhi police is really cheap. we with u my family membar of indian family Delhi Police only for corrupted politicion, not for others peoples Politics stunt involvement So poor This Politics eating our Golden country, brutally has been beating our mother country, I can hear the painful sound though leave them justice. Indian dogs coward people. Here is LIFECYCLE of AAP Before LS Election 1. Arvind Kejriwal has taken congress suppo to form government despite his oath for not to do so 2. Arvind Kejriwal did not suspend prashant bhushan for his comments on kashmir. 3. Arvind kejriwal AK420 defended molester and gunda somnath bha i. 4. Arvind kejriwal AK420 suspended Vinod Binny just for tiny dispute 5. Arvind keriwal AK420 sta ed dreaming to be pm of India and left delhi on its fate. He intentionally betrayed delhi people to fulfill his dream. 6. AAP has received massive election fund from pakistan based terror organizations via different names and countries. India eneymy pakisatn is interested in victory of AAP. people awaited for correct time to teach AAP hooligans an everlasting lesson. aFTER LS polls People completedly rejected Arvind kejriwal and AAP for betraying India, their immaturity and malicious intents and AAP is now officially registered as National Drama School where AK420 is serving as principal. This is the end of AAP
Is the end of the shiny head in sight, or are there no shoots of hope for treatment? BBC Future investigates. for all those who have express highway on there head.
Police in India have arrested 25yearold man for allegedly raping an eightyearold girl in Delhi. The girl was playing in the park when the accused offered her some sweets and took her away to secluded area where he raped her, police said. A neighbour found her in the park and informed her parents. She was taken to hospital and her condition is stable BBC can only give negative news about India And they said incridible india bloody indian dogs. The incident is very serious nature, prompt action should be taken against aaccused as well as proper medical treatments should provide to girl. Its very unfo unate to our NATION also. It effect the reputation of country before ABROAD How can Home Minister Shinde sleep when women in Delhi are unsafe? asks Arvind Kejriwal Timeline Photos How can Home Minister Shinde sleep when women in Delhi are unsafe? asks Arvind Kejriwal in fact law abiding honest citizen was and is never priority of police as police never had received instructions from till now govts to make them priority. BJP and cong. govts till today had been utilizing police to help underworld, corporate, big business houses and their political stooges to fa her their political interest.KEJARIWAL is the first chief minister to ask police to work for ordinary person .BJP through JAITLY reaction has responded in disappointing manner TRUE to BJP real charecter dis type of men shud be killed by public dnt no reason solution dis kind inhuman acts guys think abt it only can How terrifying. This is disgusting Why cant government open Red light area at least they can avoid this crimes I got call from HDFC life some Jatin Khanna called me asking about the whole issue I explained him the whole issue after listening the issue he told me that he is some circle headarea head in HDFClife and also confirmed that Nancy Budhiraja used to work under him. Not sure if he was allowed to cal me like this without any investigation coz he was not much aware of the issue. Anyways while this whole conversation he was trying to convince me that should forget about my money as the employee thought which booked my policy is no more in the organization and we will not be able to do anything to this.Upon asking about the significance of the letter which received from HDFC, his lines were letter pads are readily available in side the bank and can be used by anyone for any purpose anyone can sign of forge sign etc, also told me there are many such cases pending here. Now there two things to be noted 1.Since the letter pads are available just like that anyone can use it and do whatever heshe feel like, there is no regulation on it. The organization is so vulnerable oops it is very hard to digest this fact it simple means anyone in your Organization has been given right to do Fraud openly just that letter pads are freely available. It clearly means all the paper work done for all the customers are all just fake. 2.This Guy Jatin Khanna knew very well that such things are happening inside his team and org coz like he said many cases pending .Still there is no check when policy is being sold what are these guys doing as Circle head etc guess just to cover up their number these Head or so called bosses are also involved in Crime. Fake practice and fraud selling
Eight people have been killed in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh after the wall of an ancient cave leading to Hindu temple collapsed, police said. The accident at the Bildwar cave in Surajpur district late on Tuesday may have been triggered by blasts at nearby coal mines, officials said. Police said three of the dead were girls aged between 10 and 13.
Technology giant Microsoft has announced that Satya Nadella will be its next chief executive. Indianborn Mr Nadella is currently Microsoft head of Cloud and Enterprise, which builds and runs the firm computing platforms and developer tools. He takes over from Steve Ballmer who announced plans to step down last year. Mr Nadella has risen through the ranks of Microsoft since joining the company in 1992. dont understand why we Indians are elated by his success. Yes he is great professional but the question is WHAT DID INDIA GET FROM HIS EXPE ISE AND KNOWLEDGE? the answer is NOTHING. The person who does not even live in India, can not even speak Hindi properly cant be an Indian. We Indians should idolise such scientists who have done something for the country or developed our own indigenous companies. SATYA NADELA SUCCESS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH INDIA BBC Cograts sir.proud of . Congrats sir So proud of indians more likely to be tech genius. Im proud of our Telugu brother. Sky is the limit Satya Nadella We are hungry to do more. Microsoft SatyaNadella MicrosoftNewCEO Congratz. Congtarz sir proud of . I think I know that Gates was born in the United States, not sure about the 2nd guy. Perhaps you should have mentioned that Nadella is follicularly challenged great indian stuff congratulations sir we proud of Really it very proud moment for all indians .
From model elephant owned by royalty to signed card and piece of wedding cake which items of regal memorabilia are most likely to hold their value?
A tea stall named after India main opposition Bharatiya Janata Pa PM candidate Narendra Modi is doing brisk business, media repo say. Owner Mavji Ahir says his new chai tea stall is helping him make daily profits of 2,000 rupees $32 PS19 . Mr Modi often talks about his humble beginnings as tea vendor. Taking cue from the BJP leader chaiwallah story, Mr Ahir, 25, opened small tea stall in Gujarat Kutch district. The name, Narendra Modi strikes gold . Only namo. Only namo. cheap publicity
Five of India most popular small cars have failed crash tests conducted by UKbased car safety watchdog. The tests by Global NCAP showed that if involved in crash, fatalities or serious injuries could result. Among the cars tested was India talismanic Tata Nano, the world cheapest car, as well as models made in India by Ford, Volkswagen and Hyundai. The cars were apparently stripped of safety features to make them cheaper for Indian buyers, correspondents say. They prefer fancy music system in their cars instead of airbags or other safety measurements . Car companies getting advantage of this Oh the stigma again Tata Nano, the world cheapest car They are trying to reestablish it, give them chance you squawking journalists . These usafe cars needs to put on immediate ban even in india too Safety is first Its only propoganda for selling these cars who producing in India so we want to safety cars todays society nobody foll to buy its chepest car dont say same like this hate this car still many companies producing this medium size cars in India Those racists couldnt make cheap car themselves and cmon we cant drive too fast in india these cars are perfect and these brittons die more age wise in car accidents then we do so id say shut up khali dimag shaitan Really shocking Shame the same Volkswagen compromises on safety to cut costs in India. Safety is never given its due respect. . Thanks BBC for sharing but in India people are so fond of Cars these days they forget beyond buying .
Some expe warn that Delhi air is bad and it is getting worse by the year. The head of an environment measurement index has denied media repo suggesting it found air quality in the Indian capital, Delhi, to be worse than in China capital, Beijing. Thats true now days conditions are very bad, the problem is in the night pass by truck realises lot of smoke this wise our capital become very poor Too much of modernisation leads to chaos, without taking care of nature that I left India 2much bad air cant breath what kind of repo is this?? if measure the air in the road then it will be worse only on what basis these kind of repo are po rayed???. Its worse and getting worse. You can check with Nebuliser and asthma meds sale. They sell almost like candy now How to improve?. Greatest worst pollution in Delhi
Talking Movies Tom Brook picks the movies to see this year, including po rayal of an iconic Disney villain, biblical epic and futuristic Western.
Hundreds of people have protested in Delhi against the beating and subsequent death of university student from no heastern India. Officials say 21yearold Nido Tania was beaten on Wednesday by shopkeepers who had ridiculed his appearance. He died the next day. Two people have been taken into custody. The case has highlighted racism and discrimination against indigenous minorities from India no heast. The Delhi police have been accused of being slow to respond to the assault on Mr Tania, who was repo edly on holiday in the Indian capital. People living in delhi should learn how to be human U all guys need humanity check Local delhietes are less learned, dumb and ignorent about indian culture and civilisation. They dont respect anybody from outside delhi except people in power That is so sad . we all are united. guilty should punished Ppl in Delhi more verns, illiterate and stupid than villagers India is trying for superpower status u cant disinclude communities now Government should make policy for no east students Strict measures are needed to contain such cruel acts I sure he ws muslim Hello frnds new to fb nd block plz send req me plz.
Google has acquired the engineering company that developed Cheetah, the world fastestrunning robot and other animalistic mobile research machines. great invention. Congrates. Oho very good.
India Supreme Cou has refused to review its controversial decision to reinstate 153yearold law that criminalises homosexuality. Judges dismissed petitions from the government and rights activists who say the order was wrong. The Supreme Cou judgement last month ove urned landmark 2009 Delhi High Cou ruling decriminalising gay sex. The ruling is seen as huge blow to gay rights and has been criticised by activists and government ministers. Really sad. The world needs to grow tolerance. Not just India One cant find any fault with Supreme cou judgment. This pa icular provision is still in the constitution. It the duty of the elected members to bring the necessary amendment to change the law. Fault lies with the executive and not with the cou Really nice. Up holding the rich culture and traditional Heritage of the oldest countries natural right its not controversial . Go to Jungle and stay with animals. Gayism walay kuttay ki aulaad ,haraami saalay.They should be slaughtered,kept in row and killed with only one fire.yeh saalay dha par booj hain It is narrow thinning of SC. I cant understand one thing what is the wrong in homosexuality. So like to remember preamble of Indian constitution the equality.
So, who were the best CEOs of 2013? Scroll through the gallery of images on the link see the five best, beginning with No. 5.
Radar, ultrasound and lasers enable this car to drive itself even on the busy roads of Las Vegas. BBC Click Marc Cieslak sat in the front seat but did not need to take the wheel letting the car do all the driving. But will such cars ever become commonplace on our roads? is it audi.
Vicky Roy ran away from home as child and became ragpicker sifting rubbish to sell for recycling. Rescued by nongovernmental organisation, he got his hands on camera and sta ed taking pictures. Here is selection, beginning with ragpickers at Delhi railway station. Vicky is focused and talented youth. Proud of him . Very interesting sleep ignores the premises and atmosphere. this is insane where are the shelters for poor people.
Chief Minister of Indianadministered Kashmir, Omar Abdullah, has told HARDtalk he has not seen any recent evidence that Pakistan wants to negotiate permanent solution to the Kashmir issue. Asked why he had not discussed the issue with the Pakistani government, Mr Abdullah explained We dont have good neighbourly relations, adding that some people in Pakistan would like nothing more than to see the end of him. The mountainous region of Kashmir has been flashpoint between India and Pakistan for more than 60 years. itz not Indianadministered kashmir, Itz is the kashmir state in India Nice interview A confused man best for clothing ads 370 finish after 2014. A selected studio audience and synchronised applause in HardTalk session Whatever next?. yes,nice intreview.
Metallica performed with pianist Lang Lang at the recent Grammy Awards. BBC Culture picks five other unlikely collaborations, from Lady Gaga to Eminem. thus deed of work. What the difference between ability and character???Ability will get us to the Top But Character will Allow us to stay the Top
Claims that Britain Special Air Service regiment may have its fingerprints on the bloody storming of the Sikh Golden Temple 30 years ago have been getting lot more attention back in the UK than here in India. Did they use rocket launchers. Who, what, why.
Theatre in India has often been deeply traditional, using storylines, dialogue and song to reflect issues in society. But over the last few years at the annual theatre festival held in Delhi, different type of production has been gaining popularity. Inspired by their international counterpa s, Indian directors are experimenting with forms of physical theatre which use light, sound and body movements to tell the story. BBC Hindi Divya Arya repo s. Really nice repo Divya. Good observation over theatrical transition. Keep it up.
From batterypowered exoskeletons to buildings that melt cars, this year was notable one for design. Check out BBC Future gallery of 2013 the year in design hige battery of the city .
A pub that serves alcohol every day from 09 00 has opened at service station on the M40 motorway near Beaconsfield, 25 miles west of London. BBC Newsnight sent Top Gear The Stig to try out UK first motorway pub. Come and see in india our Bar will never shuts.24x7. Some say He not The Stig And he isnt Fr moment thought its Daft Punk .
Media in India feel pressure is mounting on the Aam Aadmi Pa AAP government in Delhi to take action against Law Minister Somnath Bha after the state women commission summoned him over his midnight raid on house. 134 iss love me . I love you. Jor Se bolo Atleast he is doing something lol.
The Indian retail market is wo about $500bn year so it is not surprising that both international and domestic companies have been keen to open more stores there. But over the last year retailers have found it difficult to attract consumers. Sameer Hashmi repo from Mumbai. Its ONLINE time now. who goes to the store ????.
An Indian film director has revealed how his fans helped to fund his latest movie. Pawan Kumar had difficulty securing financial suppo from industry producers to make Lucia. But after plea on the social networking site Facebook, he found that people from around the world were were willing to invest in the project. and to add lucia was huge success. congrats, Pawan. Prfct
Tourists in India have often been intrigued by the sight of people getting their hair trimmed by roadside barbers. But the business of hair and beauty is changing fast attracting international firms looking for cut of the profits. Its just that India is wonder of extremes, sight of rickshaw pullers and porches is not so uncommon in India capital Delhi. There enough filthy rich people to people to be served for their whims and fancies in India while majority is still deprived of essentials
Yogita Limaye repo on India growing taste for exotic vegetables such as broccoli, leeks and cabbage Cabbage was exotic that is news and it makes me feel rich . My parents have been feeding me broccoli since I could chew it exotic. And cabbages What is this?. Since when have cabbages become exotic in indian kitchens? Please get your facts in order. Oh no BBC, still you have long way to go to understand India. Cabbage and leeks are not exotic vegetables for Indians, these are considered very ordinary things Do research extensively
Ten images of the most impo ant new frontiers mankind faced in 2013, including Voyager journey into deep space and Elon Musk Hyperloop concept. Suppo 4Change Suppo Aam Aadmi Pa y. join the revolution of change with AAP now.
The Santhals are one of India largest tribes and honour punishments are vi ually unheard of within the community. They have remained one of India largest and oldest communities. Some 10.5 million of them live today in five states, mainly in eastern India. The news of Santhal villagers, led by their headman in West Bengal Birbhum district, gangraping one of their own women for having relationship with nontribal man comes as shock. stop dis in human act upon females . . . How to save people . Dis should be stop in human act this is the lack of education. it should be banned. Useless it is. Disgrace to INDIA . . Yeh my mom used to talk about them. How helpful they were to the whole community They are victims of blind race of development. Left behind in the name of sociocultural exclusivity. Otherwise, Santhal tribe is very progressive. They have their own language and equality based social relations. What we need, is to provide proper modern education and integrate with modern Indian culture. Then they will achieve Everything else, themselves
Mourners crowd around the vehicle carrying the body of their spiritual leader Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin during his funeral procession in Mumbai. The leader of the Dawoodi Bohra community died aged 102. beloved spiritual leader SPIRITUALITY GROWS BEYOND NATIONAL BORDERS May his soul rest in peace .
Thai police suspect Tata Motors Managing Director Karl Slym killed himself when he fell from the 22nd floor of Bangkok hotel on Sunday. The British executive was in Thailand to attend board meeting of the company local affiliate. Investigators believe Mr Slym may have taken his own life because of note left in his room referring to domestic problems. Police said it was being analysed to confirm Mr Slym wrote it. Good Morning. his wife was the cause of it. never argue with your wife. p. wats he doin in chevvy beat??. How could be sudden death shook me up im big fan of Tata Safari Storme,suv that he launched previous year Such big person loose life for small reason
India Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram tells Stephen Sackur his rival economic knowledge could fit on postage stamp. Be sure to watch his thoughts on Rahul and Modi economics on HARDtalk on BBC World News channel at 10pm today. www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia Probably the most corrupt politician in the cabinet. The best example of an pseudo intellect very super g. Yeshwant sinha will take the country back. The common man of dis India is very secular. Dey agnst communal politics. Ram wud nt hv broken down ny masjid fr his mandir. Vote4AAP Vote4Jhaadu. Target Sonia to bag deal Agent to Agusta Cong Prez Driving Force Behind Copter Contract TIMES NEWS NETWORK New Delhi One of the three alleged middlemen in the VVIP helicopter kickbacks scandal had repo edly advised top AgustaWestland officials to target UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and people close to her in order to bag the 556 million Euro contract. During the ongoing corruption trial in an Italian cou , the prosecutors have now presented note written in March 2008 by middleman Christian Michel to Peter Hulett, the then India head of AgustaWestland, the UKbased subsidiary of Italian conglomerate Finmeccanica. Michel, as per the note reproduced in an Italian newspaper, told Hulett that the British high commissioner in India should target Mrs Gandhi and her closest advisors to clinch the contract for the 12 AW101 helicopters. As Mrs Gandhi is the driving force behind the VIP sic , she will not fly any more in the Mi8 the Russianorigin helicopters the President, PM and other VVIPs currently use , says the note. It identifies her key advisors as Manmohan Singh, Ahmed Patel, Pranab Mukherjee, M Veerappa Moily, Oscar Fernandes, M K Narayanan and Vinay Singh . There is no evidence till now that this proposed plan of action was actually executed, nor can Italian media repo be independently verified. The publication of the note comes just ahead of the reconvening of the Parliament session with BJP leader Yashwant Sinha announcing that the pa would raise the issue in both Houses. The Indian defence ministry on January scrapped the VVIP helicopter contract, inked with AgustaWestland in February 2010, on the ground of violation of the precontract integrity pact and use of unfair practices in the deal. MoD had earlier frozen all fu her payments to AgustaWestland despite having inducted only three of the 12 AW101 helicopters, with around 45 of the total contract value already been paid. Michel note is among the documents seized from the office of Switzerlandbased middleman Guido Ralph Haschke, who is now facing trial in the Italian cou along with former top executives of Finmeccanica. As per Italian prosecutors, Haschke, his pa ner Carlos Gerosa and Michel were allegedly paid kickbacks totalling 51 million Euros to swing the deal. The Italian prosecutors also confronted Haschke with photograph of Sonia Gandhi and Ahmed Patel in cou but the accused said he could only recognise Gandhi in the picture. Another document in the possession of Italian prosecutors is draft budget dictated in 2008 by Michel, known for his connections and access to politicians in India, which has veiled references to proposed kickbacks to Indian politicians, bureaucrats and IAF officers, as repo ed earlier. Under the heading POL politicians in this document, million Euros have been earmarked for person identified as AP , while 1516 million Euros have been shown against FAM family . The document also lists what seem like key posts in the defence ministry by references like DS , JS AIR , AFA , DG Acquisitions as well as CVC chief vigilance commissioner and auditor general under the head BUR bureaucrats , with 8.5 million Euros being budgeted for them Mostly sour grapes comments No one has mentioned PC droll sense of humour and brilliant verbal fencing with the prickly SS. It was very interesting . The common man of India has lot of common sense Vote4AAP Vote4JhaaduWere not in politics to make career, acha khassa career chodh kar aayen hain Vote4AAP Vote4Jhaadu.
Formally introduced at the Dubai motor show, MercedesBenz G63 AMG tuned by Brabus became the latest exotic bauble to enter the emirate formidable police fleet. Check out Dubai allterrain police car not impressed first improve human rrights. Not so attractive though. .
Media in India are analysing Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi first major TV interview ahead of the general elections. Mr Gandhi is leading the pa campaign for the elections due by May and many see his interview with the Times Now channel as pa of his pa media strategy.Most websites, TV channels and papers are giving prominent coverage to his remarks on corruption, politics, opposition pa ies and key pieces of legislation. A word cloud analysis of his interview suggests that Mr Gandhi mostly focused on changing the political system in the country and the need to empower women. BBC India unit has ce ainly received something from someone for highlighting news about someone The values of Brand Modi , are in sync with the expectations of his market, And perhaps competition is nowhere to be seen, not at least at this point of time . Cogress has become pa of corrupt people we are all helpless indians those who are supposed to do something good are themselves corrupt. What are concrete steps mr rahul baba have proposed ??? Kar denge to 66 saal se kahani sunayi ja rahi hai congress ne.
In special edition of HARDtalk, recorded in the Indian capital, Stephen Sackur talks to the prominent women rights campaigner, Kavita Krishnan. Delhi is proud capital of the nation noisy and vibrant place but city stained by its record on sexual violence. More rapes are recorded here than any other Indian city. Just over year ago 23 year old medical student died after brutal gang rape on bus which shocked the nation and prompted millions of people to demand government action to end gender violence. Is India becoming safer more equal society for women? Catch this on HARDtalk at 3pm on BBC World News channel today. www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia India will change. . We can bring the change. India will never change Surely gonna watch this episode The change has begun. India will surely become safer and peaceful place for all Women right in INDIA? hahahaha , LOL You must be kidding bro?. First. We need to change our law & orders Never. Ever change in India Liked the Omar Abdulah interview better why dont you ppl record an interview with Rahul Gandhi at least hell be assured of fair expression of speech without being targeted by vested interests working for BJP stringent action should have taken against those who attack wmen physically or by words
A stash of 27kg of gold wo more than $1.5m PS956,023 has been discovered hidden on commercial plane in southern India, repo say. The gold was concealed in mobile phones packed in boxes in the cargo of the plane at Chennai airpo . modern Technology adopting this Criminals. Great. Everybody knows how rampant gold smuggling is in India. This has been well organized by the police themselves wear it lol 1.
India Finance Minister, Palaniappan Chidambaram has accused his rival BJP leader Narendra Modi of having economic knowledge that could be written on postage stamp . His comments came after Mr Modi said the economy under management of Mr Chidambaram had been debacle . But Mr Chidambaram told HARDtalk that India had seen the highest rate of pove reduction since independence. More people now had access to drinking water and more children were attending schools, he said. You can watch the full interview on BBC World News today at 10am, 3pm and 10pm IST. Although this govt. Has caused so much harm to our country economy which is visible even to lay man, than also its shameless ministers ,keep boasting about their ,good for nothing policies & try to distract people from the major issues like scams & black money ohh, if P.Chidambaramji had so much knowledge of the Indian Economy then why our great nation is ruined so badly by them.Pedantic euridite has no right to make any allegations against the BJP and the prime ministerial candidate Narendraji Modi when the former has been miserably failing on every aspect in the country. The Hea less and emotionless government has no right to stay as the governing body of the country.congress free India is only solution The best pa of his interview was his closing line Would you ask the same question to the Chinese FinMin. PC contributions can be listed on the back of postage stamp & quite bit of space to write will still be left on it . Target Sonia to bag deal Agent to Agusta Cong Prez Driving Force Behind Copter Contract TIMES NEWS NETWORK New Delhi One of the three alleged middlemen in the VVIP helicopter kickbacks scandal had repo edly advised top AgustaWestland officials to target UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and people close to her in order to bag the 556 million Euro contract. During the ongoing corruption trial in an Italian cou , the prosecutors have now presented note written in March 2008 by middleman Christian Michel to Peter Hulett, the then India head of AgustaWestland, the UKbased subsidiary of Italian conglomerate Finmeccanica. Michel, as per the note reproduced in an Italian newspaper, told Hulett that the British high commissioner in India should target Mrs Gandhi and her closest advisors to clinch the contract for the 12 AW101 helicopters. As Mrs Gandhi is the driving force behind the VIP sic , she will not fly any more in the Mi8 the Russianorigin helicopters the President, PM and other VVIPs currently use , says the note. It identifies her key advisors as Manmohan Singh, Ahmed Patel, Pranab Mukherjee, M Veerappa Moily, Oscar Fernandes, M K Narayanan and Vinay Singh . There is no evidence till now that this proposed plan of action was actually executed, nor can Italian media repo be independently verified. The publication of the note comes just ahead of the reconvening of the Parliament session with BJP leader Yashwant Sinha announcing that the pa would raise the issue in both Houses. The Indian defence ministry on January scrapped the VVIP helicopter contract, inked with AgustaWestland in February 2010, on the ground of violation of the precontract integrity pact and use of unfair practices in the deal. MoD had earlier frozen all fu her payments to AgustaWestland despite having inducted only three of the 12 AW101 helicopters, with around 45 of the total contract value already been paid. Michel note is among the documents seized from the office of Switzerlandbased middleman Guido Ralph Haschke, who is now facing trial in the Italian cou along with former top executives of Finmeccanica. As per Italian prosecutors, Haschke, his pa ner Carlos Gerosa and Michel were allegedly paid kickbacks totalling 51 million Euros to swing the deal. The Italian prosecutors also confronted Haschke with photograph of Sonia Gandhi and Ahmed Patel in cou but the accused said he could only recognise Gandhi in the picture. Another document in the possession of Italian prosecutors is draft budget dictated in 2008 by Michel, known for his connections and access to politicians in India, which has veiled references to proposed kickbacks to Indian politicians, bureaucrats and IAF officers, as repo ed earlier. Under the heading POL politicians in this document, million Euros have been earmarked for person identified as AP , while 1516 million Euros have been shown against FAM family . The document also lists what seem like key posts in the defence ministry by references like DS , JS AIR , AFA , DG Acquisitions as well as CVC chief vigilance commissioner and auditor general under the head BUR bureaucrats , with 8.5 million Euros being budgeted for them What about corruption and economic growth is now less then . In last ten years corrupt congress mismanagement of economy ,lack governance, corruption cant we neva work 2getha ratha dan mounting prblms each oda Yaa we know how he has messed up country with his kind of economic policies dont try to fool people Mr.Chidhu already ppl fed up with ur govt, no more only Modi led BJP govt can bring the change His counterpa from the same cabinet were responsible for 1.76 Lakhs rupees 2G Spectrum scam,a scam of even more high intensity named Coalgate scam resulting in budget deficit and hence inflation in the country directly influencing the purchasing power of common Indian man resulting in the reduction of standards of lives.His govt to be blamed,he to be blamed.And why dont interview Narendra Modi ?. Long time after independence Till now the pove rate should have demolish instead of getting lowered NAMO. Would this be aired in Japan as well? same times?. Must watch . P.C is agree, Modi knowledge could be written stamp but P.C doest not have knowledge.
Rahul Gandhi says he is sure about wanting to change the system, empower women, deepen democracy, open up politics to the young and make India worldbeating manufacturing hub. That going by his first formal interview on Monday night, decade after becoming the latest member of the India fabled NehruGandhi dynasty to enter politics. He has turned into national joke so BBC please no need to bet upon him the faster we Indians get rid of the likes of him the better after all we have decades old score to settle with another dynasty . I think the only way to solve the root cause of corruption prevalent in our society and among the politicians, is by changing the ELECTION MECHANISM of our country. The very SIMPLE MAJORITY SYSTEM of election of MPs and MLAs is to be indirectly blamed for the growing corruption in India. The manner in which we elect our representatives is itself at fault. For example, if there are 100 voters in constituency who vote to elect their representative from among the candidates and the results are as follows Candidate gets 45 votes, Candidate gets 30 votes and Candidate gets 25 votes. So, the candidate is elected, although 55 people did not want this candidate to be elected. In this way, even if the people do not want person as their representative, then also with such election mechanism, the corrupt, criminal, unwanted and gangmen enter our legislature. What is even more saddening is that large number of candidates are nominated for election from constituency, so that the votes are divided and with the simple majority system, enable the blacklisted candidate to be elected Will go down in history for this interview . Please take him to the UK with you and let him do what ever he wants to do in the UK consider it as gift from India. Up whose ?. Please someone take this man to place where he can truly achieve his mission of change because in India hell never be able to do that What has he been doing in last 10 years when his pa was governing country didnt he think to change system and all these all his ideas came out when general election is ahead This Rahul Gandhi is an National Joker. He doesnt Pocesss any capacity to become PM of India. if ever he becomes Prime Minister India will ruin itself into Pices. Divide And Rule was the Policy of British. Same type ruling that Congress Pa follows. BBC please perform background verification of this Kid he has very bad track record in the area he is mentioning in interview For India Ra Ga is nothing but joker. I hope he appears in many more interviews D. Wrong fingure pal ?. what boaring interview it was You can make foolish to indian public nothing else@ mr rahul gandhi. The values of Brand Modi , are in sync with the expectations of his market, And perhaps competition is nowhere to be seen, not at least at this point of time . Target Sonia to bag deal Agent to Agusta Cong Prez Driving Force Behind Copter Contract TIMES NEWS NETWORK New Delhi One of the three alleged middlemen in the VVIP helicopter kickbacks scandal had repo edly advised top AgustaWestland officials to target UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and people close to her in order to bag the 556 million Euro contract. During the ongoing corruption trial in an Italian cou , the prosecutors have now presented note written in March 2008 by middleman Christian Michel to Peter Hulett, the then India head of AgustaWestland, the UKbased subsidiary of Italian conglomerate Finmeccanica. Michel, as per the note reproduced in an Italian newspaper, told Hulett that the British high commissioner in India should target Mrs Gandhi and her closest advisors to clinch the contract for the 12 AW101 helicopters. As Mrs Gandhi is the driving force behind the VIP sic , she will not fly any more in the Mi8 the Russianorigin helicopters the President, PM and other VVIPs currently use , says the note. It identifies her key advisors as Manmohan Singh, Ahmed Patel, Pranab Mukherjee, M Veerappa Moily, Oscar Fernandes, M K Narayanan and Vinay Singh . There is no evidence till now that this proposed plan of action was actually executed, nor can Italian media repo be independently verified. The publication of the note comes just ahead of the reconvening of the Parliament session with BJP leader Yashwant Sinha announcing that the pa would raise the issue in both Houses. The Indian defence ministry on January scrapped the VVIP helicopter contract, inked with AgustaWestland in February 2010, on the ground of violation of the precontract integrity pact and use of unfair practices in the deal. MoD had earlier frozen all fu her payments to AgustaWestland despite having inducted only three of the 12 AW101 helicopters, with around 45 of the total contract value already been paid. Michel note is among the documents seized from the office of Switzerlandbased middleman Guido Ralph Haschke, who is now facing trial in the Italian cou along with former top executives of Finmeccanica. As per Italian prosecutors, Haschke, his pa ner Carlos Gerosa and Michel were allegedly paid kickbacks totalling 51 million Euros to swing the deal. The Italian prosecutors also confronted Haschke with photograph of Sonia Gandhi and Ahmed Patel in cou but the accused said he could only recognise Gandhi in the picture. Another document in the possession of Italian prosecutors is draft budget dictated in 2008 by Michel, known for his connections and access to politicians in India, which has veiled references to proposed kickbacks to Indian politicians, bureaucrats and IAF officers, as repo ed earlier. Under the heading POL politicians in this document, million Euros have been earmarked for person identified as AP , while 1516 million Euros have been shown against FAM family . The document also lists what seem like key posts in the defence ministry by references like DS , JS AIR , AFA , DG Acquisitions as well as CVC chief vigilance commissioner and auditor general under the head BUR bureaucrats , with 8.5 million Euros being budgeted for them He from Harvard, that explains how he can stand so much bad blood Good way to go RG I thought BBC was unbiased, no longer so . I know sir can do it OMG he is showing finger .
Dont forget, today at 10pm India time, BBC World News channel airs fascinating, feisty HARDtalk interview with Kashmir Chief Minister, Omar Abdullah. www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia Missed it When will be the repeat telecast?. Will watch it . ohh hello he is nt C.M on kashmir only. C.M on J& K OK ???. This is not half intelligent BBC. This is BBC India but made mistake like this. I think this is intentional. They cant solve their own No hern Ireland problem but they are so much interested in solving others problems. Hahaha. Really funny.Moribund race still showing DADAGIRI, hmm . Old and moribund imperial will play Divide & Rule policy again. They will do that again and again to gain C means chor minister. not interested. our chief minister forget the name of our state jammu & kashmir not only kashmir ? remember plz. whats that ? kashmir chief minister only ? where is jammu ? thats the the interview people say very good ?. Thank God, Mr. Abdullah gave sensible answers unlike Mr. Gandhi . Just saw the interview. It was bold and honest and probably one of the best interview given by an Indian Chief ministerpolitician. This man iz not happy with congress whn his govt comes in action the level of poority rises in valley cheaters. joy hind .
Drugs that boost brainpower are increasingly being taken by healthy people to study or work harder. Could this become the norm, or condition of employment? Would you take sma drugs to perform better at work? they play tricky game with our brain science Nope. Coz few years down the line you will be publishing another news about debilitated brains. Stay natural any drug for the healt is bad No,it only requires determination better to loose the job than brain . This is really not good go, definitely it will create some side effect in some days. Because tabs are made by using some chemicals
Hindu women warm themselves by fires before taking holy bath in the Saali River during the first day of the Swasthani Brata Katha festival at Sankhu in Kathmandu.
HARDtalk audience in Delhi with Stephen Sackur and Omar Abdullah ready to talk Kashmir. Watch this HARDtalk India special on BBC World News today at 3pm IST to hear more candid views from Omar Abdullah regarding the future of Kashmir www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia Sale for story romentic story Rs.1cr.
The village of RajarampurSubalpur is like any other in this land of red soil, several kilometres from the Labhpur Road in Birbhum district of West Bengal. It is not very far from the Shantiniketan university town of India first Nobel Laureate Rabindranath Tagore. According to the complaint lodged with police by 20yearold tribal girl, she was gangraped by 12 men inside the home of the village headman. The tribal villagers deny gang rape took place. such people are hea less. Shameful. Police are paid bribes Shameful and cowardly act.
In special edition of HARDtalk recorded in front of an audience in India capital Delhi, Stephen Sackur talks to one of the country most intriguing politicians. Omar Abdullah is Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir, long disputed territory once described by former US president Bill Clinton as the most dangerous place on Ea h. Is there any hope of Kashmir becoming place of peace not conflict? Watch this HARDtalk India special on BBC World News today at 10am, 3pm and 10pm IST. www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia Nice to see Omar doing hi thing but what happened to PC?. Zero performer wears fine suits totally fail.
The de facto border dividing Kashmir between India and Pakistan is one of the most militarised boundaries in the world. Tens of thousands of troops face each other across the 740km 460mile Line of Control LoC . Photographer Abid Bhat travelled along the LoC in Indianadministered Kashmir to record life Both countries talk in mutual understanding both can save huge amount by spending to military purpose big salute to our soldrs. Thats indian tiger . I had been in hats off to our militants .
In Hardtalk special from Delhi, Stephen Sackur speaks to India Finance Minister, Palaniappan Chidambaram. Has India missed an oppo unity to reform itself for the 21st century? Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News today 10pm IST www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia Now you are putting the show on 03.00 am. Obviously you dont want it seen in India . Why was the show interrupted? Just when you sta ed showing the REAL India . But the British always ruled India better. Is this episode going to be uploaded on youtube? I dont get BBC in my area now but would love to watch this Lemme know Thanks .
Getting bit drowsy at work? Youre in luck. Previously taboo, sleeping in the workplace is becoming much more acceptable. With an increasing number of companies encouraging their employees to doze off during the workday, fewer have to duck under the desk like George Constanza in the popular US comedy Seinfeld. Some firms even offer dreamy amenities such as stateofthea nap pods, darkened, Zenlike snooze rooms, and ostrichfeather pillows. Pritha Chatterjee.
Goldsmiths work on gold ornaments at workshop in Calcutta.
In Hardtalk special from Delhi, Stephen Sackur speaks to India Finance Minister, Palaniappan Chidambaram. Has India missed an oppo unity to reform itself for the 21st century? Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News channel today at 3pm and 10pm IST www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia
Former Miss World and Bollywood star Priyanka Chopra is in London to launch her upcoming single I cant make you love me. It is her third release since launching her music career two years ago. BBC Asian Network Shabnam Mahmood caught up with her and spoke to her about beauty pageants, her upcoming films, playing an Olympic boxer, and the impo ance of educating girls.
For decades, countless diplomatic rows between India and Pakistan have gone unresolved. One consequence is that hundreds of fishermen from each country languish in jails after accidentally crossing sea borders. They can stay there for many years, leaving families in the two countries feeling helpless. Aleem Maqbool repo s. True its political matter which plays with the life of inocent people and their family. polticians setile this matter. Matter of real concern but solution depends on the honest wisdom of politicians All politicians are there to mint money no one is really comes to resolve the national issues, I think we can just keep hope on AAP
Some of the most impressive glimpses of what the future may hold unveiled in 2013, from labgrown burger, balloon that can bring wifi to the world remotest spots to robot guitarist Mach and robot drummer Ashura L , from rock band ZMachines, performed music during the Maker Faire event in Tokyo. Got my robo Mush more improve . Waw Wat future hehehehe Self minded robo or not .
Police in India West Bengal have held 13 people in connection with gang rape of woman allegedly on orders of village elders who objected to her relationship with man. The 20yearold woman has been admitted to hospital in critical condition. Unofficial cou in India villages often sanction killings of couples deemed to have violated local codes. guys comeon its nt story which should be liked. its story which shud enrage and castigate the humanity within I think government should strict action against panchayat team which delivered wrong decision as well as hanged people who committed such henious crime. The West Bengal is on the Top among the Indian States in crime against women inspite of women chief Minister 2much when people change again nd again still happening this taype of cases Rapists should be castrated I dnt understnd people do sach d work the team should hunged till death,,,,, . Government should take strict action those people with that leader That is why it is called rapistan
More than 60 years ago, BR Ambedkar, Dalit icon and one of India greatest thinkers, spoke eloquently about the futility of the grammar of anarchy . Arvind Kejriwal, the newlyelected chief minister of Delhi, apparently doesnt think so. Mr Kejriwal was sworn in as chief minister after his anticorruption pa caused surprise in recent state elections. He is the real indian HERO . May be he is an Amature Anarchist , just practicing the Trade Juthiwal pa Kejriwal & Co.dont have any ideology,They are group of confused people.He is out to disgrade & demolish the institutions.Maoist minded Arvind kejriwal the Masia came to fight corruption . bunch of crooks who are misdirecting innocent citizen of india BBC India & BBC News A News media of such high repute should put the facts forward. Please double check the facts before posting, and if quotes are posted, please post them completely and in the context. Here are the flaws, AND hope you will make necessary amendments to the post 1 Arvind Kejriwal protest has shut down metro station. Fact Metro station was shut down by Federal government and not by the state govt. 2 Quote Some people say that I am an anarchist, and I am spreading disorder. I agree that I am an anarchist. I am India biggest anarchist . Fact what he said in hindi Log kehta hain my anarchist hoon chalo maan leta hoon mai anarchist hoon. which translates into If people call me and insist that I am an anarchist, then so be it . and there is big difference both the statements. Lastly, Definition of Anarchy absence of any form of political authority, political disorder and confusion, and an absence of any cohesive principle, such as common standard or purpose . Kejriwal is up to everything contrary to it. Hope you will take necessary actions to make necessary amendments to the post. Best wishes . U media also dont want honest politician, so suppo openly modi & lalu and move backwards like pakistan Notanki conv team b. Ho hum, Bibiji. Gandhi was called an anarchist too but he got rid of you and he was, so of, with his ideal of cooperative village republics, trustee capitalism and nonviolent pacifism. This in itself is also 19th Century British idea, of man and nature in rustic harmony, with its capital in Cumbria, as exemplified by say Ruskin. But in the modern world we need something more by way of incentives, both personal and public. Anarchism here can be way to something new and untested but still wo hwhile, way to restore public trust that government is not an elite enterprise but is responsive to the people will as this unfolds through social learning and action. India rather bare democracy is being subjected to shock treatment from below in way that has captured the imagination of millions. Which pa in the world has recruited million new members in week? This is not mere anarchy but an announcement to jaded, cynical establishment that governments must follow the people will or they will come out onto the streets It is only seeming anarchy the old building must be shaken and deconstructed before the new blocks can be fixed in place. Y .
Stephen Sackur in thought at India Finance Ministry, Delhi. Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News on 27, 28 and 29 Jan at 10pm IST www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia When is the repeat telecast?.
A cou in India has begun hearing case involving man who has filed defamation case against his son for marrying woman of lower caste. Sidh Nath Sharma, lawyer in no hern Bihar state, is suing Sushant Jasu for 10 million rupees $162,650 PS99,260 . These twolegged narcissistic garbages prefer to remain garbages. Using cards, cellular phones, cars, expensive brands, and borrowed technological advancements hardly upgrade garbage to genuine human. The subcontinent and such 3rd world countries never fail to surprise des ppl sucks dunn kno when dey ll change der mentality . India has long been and still infected by disease caused by such people . Just look at him in this pic he himself look lk low caste first of all Useless man are God, can pay God the useless life have been living,can pay God giving second chance . Taboo indian society The strategy of bihar government to pay Rs.50,000 to girls just for doing intercaste marriages seems funny .
Amid acres of consumer gadgetry, automakers occasionally stole the spotlight from the tech heavyweights at this year Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada. Audi, BMW, Hyundai, General Motors, Ford and MercedesBenz showed up in force, with some offering updates of previously demonstrated tech, others full rethinks of what car can do with or without humans at the controls. Here are BBC Autos top five car technology picks from this year CES. Like Chevy new Performance Data Recorder for the 2015 Corvette Stingray records performance data, incabin audio and outside HD video so drivers can assess their racing chops.
Three sandstone sculptures wo more than $1m stolen form India five years ago have been returned to the Indian government at ceremony in New York. One of the pieces is listed as the sixth most wanted work in the world. Wendy Urquha repo s. Thanks. . Now thats diplomacy. kohinoor????? pls return that 2. When will the British return the Kohinoor diamon and billions of pounds they owe India ?.
India street typists heading for final fullstop typing never end. in cou it is mandatory.corrruction can find very easily in originals. Bad News.
It is three years since India last repo ed case of polio. Patralekha Chatterjee repo on how the country appears to have finally managed to beat the disease. Achievement. & at the same time Kudos to UNICEF as well as Govt of india. Glad to hear that. It awesome news for sure Thankes free from polio. Great dis is an untired try made by india to dfeat poliomelytis and we have doe it. Good now Make 100 Literate India. Now our lndia is polio free country.
Ten best culture images in 2013 Is it di not culture , culture dress example is islamic dress .
India western city of Mumbai hosted the 14th edition of its annual marathon last Sunday. These days the stretch from the city seafront in Worli to the business district of Nariman Point is peppered with local running enthusiasts of all shapes and sizes. Early in the morning, they jostle for space with cars and cyclists. In India, fitness is becoming serious business and the growing popularity of this marathon is testament to that. Help get Clyde the ostrich to the Super Bowl, where the beer flows like wine and where beautiful women instinctively flock like the salmon of Capistrano. Vote daily and from multiple devices VoteOstrich.com Vote daily and from multiple devices VoteOstrich.com.
HARDtalk was in India to do series of interviews with some of India big names. In Delhi, Stephen Sackur interviewed Palaniappan Chidambaram, Omar Abdullah and Kavita Krishnan. Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News on 27, 28 and 29 Jan at 10pm IST Visit www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia for more details
There are about 1,700 tigers left in the wild in India. In the past five weeks, 17 people in four states have been killed by tigers. Jay Mazoomdaar investigates the reasons behind the current spate of killings. In country which is home to the world largest population of tigers, few things swing public opinion more sharply than maneater does. With 17 people killed by tigers in the past five weeks in the four Indian states of Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra, angry residents of affected areas are threatening to take the law into their own hands. But then, to those who do not know it, nothing can describe the terror of living in the shadow of maneating tiger on the prowl. Preserving endanger animals is impo ant and it very impo ant for those who does not know the danger but it is something we need to mimimise the numbers of tiger from maximium danger and cause . Tiger is nt wo then man has nunthing to do with any spheres of development There is nothing that we as common citizens can do about it. Its on global level and all the powers that be are hand in glove. Saw documentry on NatGeo recently that showed how tigers are killed in India and then via Tibet they are sold into China. And guess who picked up the goods from the Chinese border? The Chinese Army. The tigers in India are doomed to be extinct, as the Chinese would love that to happen, so that they can sell their own Tigers which they have been breeding in farms by the thousands would fetch even higher prices Due to hunger. Because everyone need food. How much amount & program done for this animal Just compare the population of humans and tigers, we are in billions whereas tigers are only in thousands So if tiger kills man there is nothing to worry about because tigers are meat eaters and we are its food It is we who should keep distance from that animal because we are gifted with wonderful thing called brain So if dont use your brain, ull fall prey to tiger Remember that humans . 1700 was way back in 2011 ce ainly the current figure is more than 2000 tigers across India
Mumbai is set to open its new international airpo terminal in February. The developers say it is inspired by dancing peacock and claim it will be one of the best terminals in the world. Sameer Hashmi repo s. surprised to see positive news from BBC about India mumbai also has india first MONORAIL and I live right near the station where the train sta D. Its looking attractive. wao . good attempt. super very nice. Finally. Let little bit of this idea rub on our people as well Surprised to hear some thing gr8 about India lets hope it opens lasts to be maintained for years ahead to come savedbr our vulture politicians. my dream that never die MUMBAI. Awsom looking fntastic. Thats true Simple living high thinking so teacher ji ke bata bahut hi badiya he. Salam he aapako sabi teacher aaise he ho 3. Its pretty cool One of the best terminal around the world, Amazing to see. India proud to be having it
When writer Frank Swain joined the ranks of the cyborgs, he discovered that it meant losing control of pa of his body. In BBC Future Beyond Human series, he explores why enhancing the senses raises surprising personal and ethical problems.
BBC HARDtalk Stephen Sackur looking inconspicuous in Delhi market place. Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News next Monday, Tuesday and Wednesay at 10pm IST. www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia know this place .
Stephen Sackur listening to sounds of Old Delhi last evening. Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News on 27, 28 and 29 Jan at 10pm IST www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia
This is the time of year in India when parents try and get places for their children in nursery school. In Delhi, about 500,000 three and four year olds are struggling to find places. It is difficult time for their parents, as Shilpa Kannan repo s. people may not believe it but getting admission in nursery is much more difficult then getting admission in MIT .
HARDtalk in Delhi market last night. Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News on 27, 28 and 29 Jan at 10pm IST www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia BBC News published this icle in 2008. Today, almost six years later, not even single one of the remains of the estimated 400 American airmen lost in Arunachal Pradesh during World War II have been recovered, primarily because the Indian Government only permitted one of the nearly 20 identified crash sites in Arunachal to be investigated, and the Indian Government forced halt to that recovery operation in late 2009 before it could be completed. Since that time, the Indian Government has failed to honor bilateral agreements it concluded with the US in 2008 and 2012 to allow resumption of MIA remains recovery operations in Arunachal Pradesh Gary Zaetz, nephew of USAAF 1st Lt. Irwin Zaetz, missing in action in Arunachal Pradesh since January 25, 1944.
Expanding India banking sector is key focus for the country in 2014. An expe panel has now drawn up plan to give every Indian adult bank account by 2016. How feasible is the proposal? Yogita Limaye repo s. Developed Countries like Singapore even accept thumb impression for account opening . Thus in India illiterate can be provided that option nice effo with this adult also play some role in economy . with the red tape that exists today Ill say nearly impossible. This is something impo ant but far too many people illiterate. Banks arent equipped to deal with that India back bone having protein milk shake Nice It shud be amount in every account . Ppl miss to see the bigger picture with what banks do to us No wonder V 1.2 billion ppl Think about it this way How much money of ours will the bank be holding then I dont really think it great thing done to Indians honestly It good in smaller picture But, poor. Class just gonna get ed either ways
BBC Capital looks at how your Facebook habits could benefit your workflow
Stephen Sackur with Omar Abdullah, Chief Minister of the Indian State of Jammu and Kashmir, in Delhi. Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News on 27, 28 and 29 Jan at 10pm IST. Omer great thinking good boy.
A US based animal welfare advocate has joined Indian wildlife lovers in paying tribute to giant 73yearold retired working elephant who died recently in India. Joyraj, majestic 3.35m tall elephant had lived and worked in Kaziranga National Park, in Assam state. Keepers at the park said other elephants had also mourned Joyraj. Rip.
Here Omar Abdullah after candid conversation with Stephen Sackur at the HARDtalk recording. Wonder how the interview will go down in Kashmir and beyond? Catch candid stuff on security, human rights, separatism, Modi and more on the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News on 27, 28 and 29 Jan at 10pm IST. www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia
India has launched new handgun for women, named after student who was gangraped in Delhi in December 2012 and later died of her injuries. Officials say it will help women defend themselves, but critics say it an insult to the victim memory. BBC has information about everything taking place in India. We Indians fail to trace out. SARCASTIC? GROW UP PEOPLE They need something or the other to put up. That is what they earn from. Dont you have better things to do? BBC World News BBC India. Giving guns to women is not going to reduce the problem by bigger margin, but definitely going to bring up problems of different kind. Ideal solution would be to teach more moral science to the people, right from their childhood also launch men. it cost clarifies that its capable to protect only the rich.what about the poor who are. the worst affected and major? ???. It will be fine only if its distributed freely to all the women in india otherwise it of no use give it free to all the women in India. BBC has got nothing better it critiques every move India has to make . Last time we sent craft on moon and you are the first one to write. Grow up,. Very interesting. God Rest Her Soul think this is the not the way in which women get protected parents must teach the students morel vallues from there childhood, this will help surely. and the gun is evon so costly that everybody cannot aford it. what about those who is poor? if government is sta ing to distribute this to all the womens and girls at free of cost then some how it is mean. tb iska mtlb smjh me ata and normaly herd the poor once raped m not he ing anyonce centiments but this is the truth. so government must sta think for the poor once also. usefull only wen maximum ladies can buy dis othwis police armed force must work harder for our safty critics d baskets Loan Facility available for this Gun. No to guns, time to educate men and change the law Sickening human rights towards women in India. Wake up India time to protect women and stop nursing the ego of ignorant men. Change the law once and for all is giving gun to women is the right soln realy come on man what an idia sirjee bulshit. we do not want to change our mind set .if women take this types of tolls and she fell herself save then government of india provied the gun all women in india Finally. Will it be provided to every girl women by the govt free of cost. Where is it available. it can buy only that women have 1.20lack rupees btt what about others women hve nott such big amount .
Who got the better eyesight human or cat? Well, it depends on the time of day, and what youre looking at. BBC Future takes look. Compound eyes
Peanut seller and Stephen Sackur outside India Finance Ministry in Delhi. Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News on 27, 28 and 29 Jan at 10pm IST www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia is he gonna buy some peanuts.
Afternoon at the mall Stephen Sackur HARDtalking New Delhi shoppers on economic prospects. Catch this on the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News on 27, 28 and 29 Jan at 10pm IST www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia We can expect original interview or indian govt edit it
Stephen Sackur is in Delhi with India Finance Minister for HARDtalk. Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News on 27, 28 and 29 Jan at 10pm IST www.bbc.comhardtalk?OCID fbbbcindia Whole India Indians around the globe will love to see the interview of Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on BBC I love the way Sackur asks all those controversial and hard questions so easily it definitely is Hard Talk . There are absolutely no achievements to talk about for Congress led UPA government ruling India since decade Gonna be Hard Talk that is for sure
Stephen Sackur comes to India to do series of interviews with some of India big names. HARDtalk is filming LIVE today at The Oberoi, New Delhi. Stephen Sackur interviews Omar Abdullah, Chief Minister of the Indian State of Jammu and Kashmir. Catch the HARDtalk India special on BBC World News on 27, 28 and 29 Jan at 10pm IST Visit www.bbc.comhardtalk for more details Waitin for it Very suitabe you cloth and smile First of all I havent heard of Mr.Sackur. Would be interesting to see Mr.Paxman. Also why Jammu and Kashmir? Foreign media must stop meddling with sensitive issues. . Indian leaders tell only reels not truth so pls becareful Mr.Sackur
Veteran Indian actress Suchitra Sen has died in the eastern city of Calcutta, aged 82. Sen had been admitted to hospital in the city with chest infection and her condition worsened, doctors said. Known as the Greta Garbo of India for leading reclusive life after she left films, Sen was an iconic star of regional Bengali cinema. She also acted in number of Bollywood films such as Devdas and Aandhi. Sen teamed up with Bengali star Uttam Kumar to form popular pair that delivered series of hits in Bengali cinema for over two decades. But she quit films in 1978 and led hermitlike existence, repo edly refusing to meet people outside her own family. She had not been seen in public or photographed in the past three decades. Now you tell us she has been cremated and the family is back to leading normal life. It too late news. . Legends never die always remain in the hea of the people. We specially kolkatans should be proud of her life time achievements may God rest her soul in peace Age ws 83 nt 82. IT TOO LATE NEWS
Coming to our attention via the adve ising trend site Contagious.com, Audi Toy Service was promotion that ran in December in Spain among Audi dealerships, whereby toy cars, regardless of type or brand, could be brought in and repaired, free of charge. Owners preregistered on microsite to bring their toys into one of several Audi dealerships around Spain, where toyrepair expe would match paint, replace missing wheels, add custom decals, repair and grease slotcar pa s, fix broken steering racks and blast every millimetre of accumulated dust. Now that Audi
Film and TV star Idris Elba best known as Stringer Bell from The Wire has been touring the US as pa of series about the history of underground racing. It turns out the American obsession with speed dates back to the Prohibition era. The recent death of Fast and Furious actor Paul Walker in car crash in California has highlighted the popularity not just of the film franchise but also of street racing.
Kolibree connected toothbrush promises to monitor how well someone brushes their teeth, transmitting data back to sma phone or tablet app. Its makers say it great way to make sure everyone in the family is properly taking care of their oral health. The BBC No America technology correspondent Richard Taylor, however, was less convinced. That cool Muthala network.
Toyota developed its FT1 Concept for the sixth instalment in the Gran Turismo video game franchise, and rendered it real for audiences at the 2014 Detroit auto show on 13 January. Once known for producing durable, inexpensive machinery, and more recently for fanciful visions of future technology, Toyota is again cou ing the youth vote with voluptuous concept that may evangelise better than its brand custodians ever could. that is something wow .
Champ of the Camp is film which follows migrant labourers in Dubai who have entered mostly Bollywoodthemed talent contest. Lebanese filmmaker Mahmoud Kaabour explains why he wanted to document these lives. Click here to listen
Argentine farmers have long raised cows for meat, but now the country cattle may soon be hailed for their contribution to saving the environment. A team of scientists from the National Institute for Farming Technology in Buenos Aires has found way of harnessing the methane gas which builds up in the animals stomachs and conve ing it into an alternative energy source. I think they reffering to Cow dung fuel which is already in use India since long time. & they already do that in India?.
Many bridges are the archetype of urban blight, essential yet uninspired. But informed Quora.com users know better. They identified fantastic structures that double as . Instead of bricks, mo ar or even standard planks of wood, the village of Cherrapunji in the state of Meghalaya known as one of the wettest places in the world builds bridges out of tree roots. The local WarKhasis tribe learned long ago how to tame the roots of the native ficus to grow in ce ain direction, using bamboo as suppo . Some of the bridges are more than 30m long and can suppo the weight of 50 people, said Ravi Kodakandla, Quora user from Hyderabad, India. Amos ChappleGetty Wow Good knowledge Dont let Indian politicians government know about these place,, they may collect toll fees tax for using these bridge,,. Some time I think , the engineering sta from very beginning from ancient time Since the people in power are wholly corrupted, there is no alternative than to rely on nature Dont they look like those bridges in the Pelegostos island in POTC?? D.
Sachin Tendulkar has played his final Test for India, retiring from the game as arguably the most successful batsman in history. The key to Tendulkar amassing more than 34,000 international runs in his recordbreaking 24year career has been his consistency and longevity in both Test and oneday international cricket. He has made more appearances and accumulated more runs in both forms of the game than any other cricketer, although he has only made one appearance for India in Twenty20 internationals. Check out Sachin Tendulkar career in numbers god of cricket __. Sachin is super. . The Gr8 lve sachin. can not explain my love sachin sir. The sir sachin Tendulkar. My all time favourite.
The New Year Day episode of Sherlock included plot line about abandoned London Underground stations. The eerie empty platforms and booking offices have enthralled photographers. Didnt I see that in American werewolf in London.
Indian children collect drinking water from tube well in the village of Murkata in Morigoan district. The Indian Government still cant give Drinking Water to their Citizen Watter is life so cant misuse. Save water, water will save you . I HATE ANTISOCIAL POLITICS IN INDIA I MEAN THE No. POLTICS PLEASE THINK A CHIEF MINITER IS BEGGING THE CENTRE LIKE P.M. HOME MINISTER FOR THE TRUE JUSTICE FOR THEIR PEOPLE. OH. KAMARAJ JI AMBEDKAR JI KAKKAN JI COME AGAIN AND SAVE INDIANS. . From years govt stop all free water distribution tubes in municipal area.Millions of poor peoples who depends on these water now they collect from well,tube well which mixed with Iron fluoride Arsenic.People of Assam facing severe drinking water scarcities due to govt neglegency Save water ,safe life. awesome click man great 1010. this post not about ,saving and misusing water ,this is all about pure water which is not available to drink.
With as much as 2ft 60cm of snow falling on pa of New England and New York through January, urban streetscapes were transformed overnight. Fierce winds conto ed and moulded snow wherever it landed, pa icularly on streetparked cars, rendering some of the most recognisable vehicles on the road all but anonymous. I thought that America is so advanced that they cannot be beaten
Dr Matthew Varghese is the workaholic doctor who runs India last dedicated polio ward he been helping survivors to walk for 30 years. Hear his story, and some of his patients, on BBC Outlook. Click here to listen No words. We salute to you 33years Before my bro also polio physical handicap Really great.
The government of Pakistan has restored an historic Hindu temple in Punjab province Chakwal region. Members of the country Hindu minority have thanked authorities for renovating the temple called Katasraj saying it is significant step in reassuring them of their status in Muslimmajority society. BBC Urdu Shumaila Jaffery repo s. BBC promoting the terrorist state renovation, how about renovating the thousands of buildings they took down with their bombs in India and the thousands of innocents they have killed . good news lets how long to what xtend pak cntinues to have sociopoliticl favour for its minorities ANYWAY good initiative A good beginning May be some eyewash. May have some bigger game plan God knows. After 1947, now they has do it. But cant faith to Pakistan Government . Thanks Pakistan. I hear my father in law was born in chakwal A very positive step fine, thanks. I am still speculating the dubious good ness of pak.
A giant sperm whale apparently strapped to the back of lorry in Lorraine, eastern France, has bemused motorists and prompted Twitter users to solve the mystery, it seems. Maybe he just out cruising for chicks. Use of technology p.
The Nissan BladeGlider Concept This one is wo preserving
In pictures India 2013 The year began with what is described as the biggest gathering of humanity on Ea h, the Hindu festival of Kumbh Mela in the no hern city of Allahabad. Over period of 52 days sta ing 14 January, tens of millions of pilgrims bathed at Sangam the confluence of the Ganges, Yamuna and the mythical Saraswati rivers. Humanity? Just looking like human being never makes one human. One does never need any religion to be good.Religions mostly attract cowards, sinisters, criminals, frauds, posers and cheaters. Truly religious people always are genuinely Restrained, Modest, Calm, Unflashy. and Silent. They never indulge in Pride, Egotism, Bragging, SelfProclaiming, and Narcissism The bigest festival is not kumb mela,but Muslim Pilgrimage celeberated at Maka,Saudi Arabia JAI HO. They wrote, Hindu festival.
BBC Worldwide Asia bags three wins at the Asian Television Awards and PromaxBDA Asia 2013 Asian Television Awards, the Asian TV industry most significant and celebrated event, recognizing excellence in programming, production and performance, awarded Disney Q Family Mastermind India with the Best GameQuiz Programme. The format was adapted from the classic BBC format, Mastermind, which was tweaked to include families as pa icipants. It airs on Disney Channel India. The wins are great recognition of BBC Worldwide Asia continuous effo in creating quality programmes that provide an allrounded viewing experience. You may view an episode of Disney Q Family Mastermind here BBC India,is there any English proficiency Development course for the people of Asia, India runned by BBC?. BBC India, I want the classic format of BBC Mastermind to come to India
A bar of soap produced by familyrun business in Lebanon might make you think twice about washing too often. Infused with gold and diamond powder, single bar of Qatar soap costs $2,800 PS1,700 2,050 euros . Tom Santorelli repo s. Should go well with the solid gold bidet. Specifications?. Who wil afford to buy such costly soaps.
Imagine school where playing video games is encouraged during classes and may even replace exams. A new educational programme uses SimCity to test children on vital problemsolving skills. Wow if only it was possible when I was kid. Its good to test for emergency response in times of national emergency. I doubt it. The actual problem solving develops when the kids go out and play. Also, when they go out and play, they learn various skills, especially communication skills, which video games can never teach kid It is very beautiful.
Campaigners are calling for more to be done about the appalling human cost of India brick industry. The brick kilns that supply the country booming construction sector are crucial pa of India growing economy. There are more than million brick workers in India. Many kilns use bonded labourers working in conditions of nearslavery earning at best around PS1.50 for 12hour day. Many suffer ill health from the acrid smoke from the kilns and harsh working conditions leading campaigners to call the bricks they make blood bricks . Congress misrule has reduced India to this pathetic state Ages old capitalist & proletarian relationship in progress rich become richer & poor become poorer these are really blood bricks There are better sides to India too can we see it plz ???? every country has rich and poor countries facing austerities only have better clothes as the climate is cold India is Hot and Humid . Climate matters ce ainly they blood bricks All corrupt, castist and communal political and pro political forces came forward to oppose Aam Aadmi Pa y. AAP is doing politics of transparency and transformation of power from the few hands to Aam Aadmi Common men called Swaraj. The Common men are merely vote bank for all existing political pa ies. BJP, Congress or others are perpetuating their family rule in guise of democracy. All these pa ies are treating common men as the servants but Aam Aadmi Pa treating them as their master and asking their order for all vital issues. Since the corrupt, castist and communal political forces are serving their own interest instead of common men, this is why they are frightened by AAP and opposing this pa which has become the darling of the people this is powe y. stupid child labour.incredible india. Child Labour. The young children should be in schools not working as labourers to survive great job sir.this is eyeopening sir.surely with your crusade things shall change .bbc world the best corporate citizen from the media world.warmest rgards.all the very best
California residents have been left puzzled by mysterious crop circle which appeared at farm. The pattern, in Salinas Valley, near Monterey, was repo ed by two friends in YouTube post. They claimed to have seen two bursts of light before dawn on Sunday. Noone has claimed responsibility. its publicity stunt by NVIDIA it depicts computer chip . Noone has claimed responsibility. Are you sure? We are too dumb to understand it _ .
Just outside of the southern Indian city of Hyderabad, by country roads in flat green landscape, smoke rises off huge furnaces. Tens of thousands of families travel, mostly from the state of Orissa, to work in the brick kilns of Andhra Pradesh.
A spate of disasters and attacks have spurred the launch of new phone apps that promise to reach loved ones and share vital news in times of need.
Such is the dizzying pace of technological change that it hard to comprehend how just few years ago we all survived without sma phones and social media. We are living in golden age for consumers, says internet industry analyst Larry Downes, with better and cheaper gadgets and apps available every day. But the technological revolution has also changed the rules of the game for the businesses that create and sell these products. Downes, coauthor with Paul Nunes of the new book Big Bang Disruption, tells the BBC that now every company even tech giants like Facebook, Apple and Google must constantly innovate or risk being made obsolete by the next big thing. Dont know , How will we communicate to each other then if this all stop for seconds will are in Dark .
Sony has unveiled life logging software that cha a person activities on an interactive timeline. It records when user speaks to friends, receives emails, watches movie and other sma phone actions. In addition the Android app receives data from new, small piece of wearable hardware called the Core that acts as an activity tracker. The software then uses this information to try and determine if the user was walking, resting or in vehicle. That scary because I the government can use tech . Against . You. Highly intrusive brain is very shorp and very very intrested. Intresting.
In the traditional Hindu caste system, Dalits are considered the lowest and poorest among the low castes. Dalit Camera, popular YouTube channel dedicated to India Dalits formerly untouchables , has become rallying point for the community, repo Vanya Mehta. Q how will you control high price on electricity???? Narendra Modi we have to generate electricity .By utilize our natural resources like windmill and the solar power and the water.and working on damodar sorover project which has been completed. We will work on thermal electricity like jharkhand where sufficient coal is available.will resarch on nuclear power. Arabinda kejariwala we have to install appropriate metre. And will audit on electric companies. And now giving subsidies to people. Pritam. Congratulations Youtube for opening this space for so longsuffering people. We are all equal before the law and rmaos of God Equal to todosO direct human world could be better if we join everyone for some reason BBC get life such double meaning repo ing is derogatory BBC at this point of time the so called dalits enjoy more benefits then any man in the country then can anything even when they are worst in studies because of reservation. Still its following in many pa of India .
Looking slightly like little Russian doll, Mother promises to keep tabs on any number of activities around the home. Using small sensors referred to as cookies , Mother can handle up to 24 tasks at once. According to the company those tasks could include monitoring how much coffee is left in the jar, whether the kids have got home from school in time, and even whether they have brushed their teeth before bed. wow its amazing performance .
It was the most exciting thing to happen to Central Asia poorest country in recent memory. In 2004, Bollywood legend Aamir Khan shot pa of his film The Rising in the mountains of southern Tajikistan, close to the Afghan border. In region where the only employment is basic agriculture, that would have been exciting enough, but the film also hired dozens of local horsemen as extras. Nearly decade on, what had become of them? What mark had this brief brush with Bollywood glamour left on the community? Cool. Yarrrrr where tg sword.
What were the most significant numbers of 2013? Several expe name their favourites, and explain why. 16. 33.86. 7.3.
Samsung has shown off the Bendable TV an 85in 216cm prototype that allows the curvature of its screen to be adjusted by remote control. The LED lightemitting diode set was unveiled at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. panorama view wow superb it awesome technology. I like samsung tv and mobiles. There technology there creative design,features are awesome
So, how should you craft resume or CV for position across borders and cultures? A look at what to do when you apply in Europe, Australia, Latin America, No America, Asia and the Middle East.
Fancy controlling your kettle, cooker or garage door with your sma phone? One of the major themes of the Consumer Electronics Show is how to enable that cheaply and easily.
Fiveyearold Goli was born during the 2008 Mumbai attacks, in which 166 people died. Her mother, Viju Lakshman Chavan, gave bi as gunmen fired in the corridors of the hospital. Goli, whose name means bullet, became symbol of new life for the battered city. Hear the family dramatic story on Outlook It lifts our spirits up Awww Such special baby . is it true???. May God bless him happy long life God bless bullet ur parents to giv this name Sorry happy for bullet.
Wearable tech is one of the big themes at this year Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. Skiers can record their run on the slopes with Liquid Image snow goggles, which feature 3megapixel builtin camera with wideangle lens that captures highdefinition video. Check out the CES 2014 Las Vegas technology event in pictures.
Few attractions lure travellers like Mother Nature. With stunning rock formations and spectacular light shows galore, the world exceptional natural phenomena can rival even the most impressive manmade attractions. Very nice thanks photografar. awesome photo. for more information visit aurora on google. these called aurora due to ea magnetic field charghed pa icles deflect to the no or south pole and makes these light Magnificient aurora, its always fascinating to watch . Untilunless make single preamble for single the world. Already I said it see my pages. alaska daily for months.
Every year some words get so overused there call to banish them the next. Take selfie , or twerk . The profusion of projects and sta ing sentences with so . So, here are the BBC Magazine 20 most overused words of 2013.
More than 20,000 new products are expected to be shown off to 152,000 tech trade attendees at 2014 Consumer Electronics Show CES . Exhibitors will spend millions on outlandish press conferences there will be giantsized TVs youll never be able to afford in resolutions your eyes would struggle to appreciate swarm of celebrities ranging from rapper 50 Cent to rockers Fleetwood Mac and seemingly endless smorgasbord of sensorladen, cloudpowered, appenhanced inventions.
The festive season is over. The time for guilt is nigh. But is foreswearing alcohol, junk food or caffeine for just one month really any good for your health?
When youre feeling too ill to eat, is the best cure soothing glass of milk? BBC Future explains why this might do the opposite, and make you feel worse.
A judge in the Indian capital, Delhi, has said that premarital sex is immoral and against the tenets of every religion . Judge Virender Bhat made the remarks after ruling that sex between two adults on the promise of marriage did not amount to rape. Premarital sex remains cultural taboo in India. but pube happens at around age 1415 for both sexes Guard yourself or moan later This is only one true law in india . Juhoo beach
Veteran Bollywood actor Farooq Sheikh died of cardiac arrest in Dubai on 28th December 2013. The BBC Monitoring Vikas Pandey looks back at the actor celebrated career. R.I.P r amazing actor nd also good human begin miss uncle forever. one of the finest actor of india. the philanthropist lost into past. Mis good actor. R.i.p will truly missed
India has successfully launched 1,982kg communications satellite using an indigenous cryogenicallypowered rocket. The Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle GSLVD5 , blasted off from Sriharikota in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh on Sunday. Give REAL healthcare and education to the people in Andhra Pradesh . The Satellite stays in Orbit. The rocket comes down It would be better to FEED the people of Andhra Pradesh, provide them electricity, and water for the fields . Lets see when it lands in Atlantic. transforming india jai ho. cong cong s.
The Lamborghini Sesto Elemento. One of just 20 in existence. Two million pounds, more power to weight than Bugatti Veyron, zero to 60mph in under two and half seconds. Richard Hammond drives the Sesto Elemento How about taking the Veneno for spin, Top Gear?. But this cant beat the Ultimate Beast Bugatti Veyron its not only car I want One. wow what car EK MUJHE B CHAHIYE. Perfect . Hammod Oh think he wrecked it soon enough. . Its good nd cool car. Waooooo what nice nd cool car Jhakkas. Very very. Cool. I wn2 drv it. Does Bruce Wayne owns it? Looks like Batman stuff
Protestors in the Indian city of Calcutta are demonstrating about the alleged gang rape and murder of 16 yearold girl. The girl was allegedly raped on two separate occasions near her home town of Madhyamgram first on 26 October, then when she was returning from filing police complaint the next day. The 16 year old died on New Year Eve after she was doused in kerosene and set alight. Eight people have been arrested in connection with the case. there is no such provision in the legal system of our country punish those culp To be hanged till death. Will this country ever learn? Sad . think all the women as your sister on mother
Arvind Kejriwal, the leader of new anticorruption pa in India, was sworn in as the chief minister of Delhi on 28 December 2013. BBC Hindi Zubair Ahmed visited his ancestral village to trace the beginnings of an unconventional politician who has made spectacular debut. Background Verification Leader Of AAP 1. Yogendr Yadav Sonia Gandhi advisor Team Member ink 20092011 2 . Manish Sisodia Sonia Gandhi , Aruna Roy team of consultants Member of team 20052006 3 . Gopal Rai Communist Student Union Ayeesa , President of the Lucknow Yuniversiti Like 1992 4 . Sanjay Singh Samajwadi Pa Mulayam Singh Yadav Executive Member 1998 till 2005 5 . Prashant Bhushan Communist activist Bhushan by the Naxalites to Intermediate Demand 6 . Shazia ILMI Congress Uncle, niece and brother Arif Khan If Congress had been minister . 7 . Arvind Kejriwal Communist activist Sonia Gandhi advisor Aruna Roy That team member 2005 2006 8 . Aruna Roy Sonia Gandhi main advisor NAC Member Till then 2004 and Kejriwal Sisodia making the activists Politics 501 in india, if you cant win with your current political pa y, form new one. Still not convinced AAP is gonna be different as all the members are still experienced politicians from other pa ies Dont underestimate the power of common man. AAP is puppy of congress witch P. it future hope of India AAP is here to stay Lots of expectations from him.
A dense fog has enveloped the capital, Delhi, and pa of no hern India, causing massive travel chaos. The visibility at the Delhi airpo runways dropped to below 50 metres at night and officials said 89 domestic and international flights were delayed or cancelled. Highway Traffic , Air Traffic has to be much careful now .
Think reaching Mars is challenge, how about cooking decent meal on the way? Enter the weird science of cooking in space, sta ing with the humble chip. Can you cook fries in space? finger chips kisne order kya th
Think youre geography expe ? Test your knowledge with BBC Travel Geoguessr the game that proves how well you know the world
Mankind attitude to gold is bizarre. Chemically, it is uninteresting it barely reacts with any other element. Yet, of all the 118 elements in the periodic table, gold is the one we humans have always tended to choose to use as currency. Why? Because of it distinction in appearanc visualy coz its rare. BBC post more and more on this topic so that indian women dream less on gold . All that glitters is not gold.gold is something different that can be used I would never turn the gold into sick thing like this Source of all the greeds and violents. . Please be simple as much as you can be. .Coz you wont be able to take it with you when you die. U already answered Cuz it not reactive Wont destroy easily, can be used for long, can exchange generation after generation .
There are many women like Haleema Begum in Indianadministered Kashmir whose husbands have disappeared but have not been declared dead. The men were allegedly arrested by the security forces fighting separatist militants in conflict which, activists allege, is notorious for its human rights abuses. People in Kashmir refer to these women as halfwidows . Photographs Abid Bhat and what about the deplorable condition of kashmiri pandits? It should also be emphasised by bbc Like is for BBC bringing up this issue. There will be collateral damage in areas of strife and this is an example. That all that I can say apa from that my hea goes out for the fellow countrymen in distress Why nobody is talking about kashmiri pandits original residents of kashmir. cont rights functioning here if bbc could cover the story would be good for us to see are we equal ,since we all belong from same country media has very good impact it will surely bring changes Really sad. May God protect them all nice idea to refer to jihadis as separatist militants so the radical muslims of afghanistan and pakistan including osama bin laden and the taliban are also separatist militants huh? NOT terrorists? super nice tactic. bbc owned by saudi muslim man One thing is common amongst Muslims of world ,they bite the hand which feeds them BBC is the best. like just an example am from shillong ,meghalaya here non tribel cannot buy land,adhar card is not circulated,trading lisence will not be given to non tribal,education 1st preference should be the local one here even jobs,and government jobs are maximum taken by the local ,khasi and jaintia very recent incident i.l.p case,i sugest one to browse it burning shops of the non tribal,during day light the ngo threw petrol bomb and two person died on same kind of different incident now where is human . There are millions of human right exploitation case ,,,, , The india govt has given free hand to forces by AFSPA ,Disturbed Area act N Psa,,,,,, These laws totally against humans,, There are million of maas and unnamed graves in this pa of word known to be Heaven. Bbc is the best.
Mankind is consuming the ocean resources at an alarming rate. How do we sustain this vital resource for generations to come? National Geographic ExplorerinResidence Sylvia Earle outlines some of the ways to save this vital ecosystem.
A Ferrari fit for child
The automatic assault rifle designed by Mikhail Kalashnikov, who died on 23 December 2013, is one of the world most familiar and widely used weapons. In Indianadministered Kashmir, which has seen an armed insurgency against Indian rule since 1989, the gun can be seen everywhere. Here, BBC Monitoring Suhail Akram, who is from Kashmir, remembers how it was growing up in the shadow of the Kalashnikov. itz experienced one holy communist india. I am Rahul Sharma from Bangladesh. I want to share something Every day JamaateIslami Shibir and BNP Bangladesi bad politicion leagues killing so many Hindu peoples because we are Hindu.they every day berak & burn of our house.every day many Hindu people leave their house. We are dependent on India.please save these Hindus people.please save,please save Actually it has two qualities speed & size. Indian pigs thuuuu. Informative news. its better than m16 and other modern assault rifle Ak47 really looks good in the hands of peacekeepers .
Rehabilitation centres are repo edly being set up in the Indian city of Kolkata to house retired sex workers. The project is pa of the West Bengal government plan to rehabilitate disabled, sick and old sex workers living in Kolkata. Accommodation will be offered to those who used to ply their trade in the city redlight district of Sonagachi, said to be Asia largest, the Press Trust of India news agency repo s. Good initiative. Again proves that what Bengal thinks today, India will think tomorrow They can take up yoga.
Travel abroad, learn another language and gain valuable work experience without sacrificing your education? Thousands of students each year take year off between secondary school and university known as the gap year to do just that.
Every year in late spring, Australia Christmas Island becomes covered in crabs when the more than 40 million red crustaceans that call the no hwest island territory home sta their annual migration to the sea, covering the landscape in mass of crimson claws. Tasty free morsels here I come XD . yes have seen video long back nature and under sea life is amazing and full of surprises here it showing still less can see in video they have no single space also too many all together come out. Wow look at that. Cool. Red Crabs are more than million 4th rank group. I am fond of them. I would love to have them on my dinner table. I remember having buffet with unlimited crabs. I wish I find another hotel for something similar to that very N cE. Please Come to my home Crabs D.
A survey done recently shows that public facilities in the poorest regions of India have steadily expanded, improving the lives of people there, writes development economist Jean Dreze. nice to see food in the plate. I agree. something positive . The main cause is dat poor themselv wants to be poor remain in their flupy condition _ unconditional poorsssssssssssss. Good to hear that, fantastic news, God Bless India. nice to share food into children. In india standard of living of poor people is slowly improving. It mainly to education and social awarness equlity is most improtent in india.
For many people in Asia, traffic and fuel prices are two of the main reasons they opt to own motorcycle instead of car. In many countries across the region, the streets wouldnt look the same without them. China, India, Indonesia and Vietnam are among the world largest markets for two wheelers. And now one of the most iconic motorcycle brands, HarleyDavidson, is trying to cruise its way into the region. The BBC Leisha Chi repo s.
A triumph of good over evil in India. On full moon night in late autumn, Hindus around the world light diyas, or oil lamps, to signify the triumph of light over darkness, good over evil, knowledge over ignorance, and hope over despair. One of the most impo ant Hindu festivities, Diwali which falls between midOctober and midNovember , sees celebrants shop, feast, clean their homes, dress in their finest and light fireworks. Pictured here, widows celebrate the festival of lights in Mathura, India. Hindustan Times via Getty Images Youre posting this now???. A festival of Enlighten the Mankind festival of light ?.
Building friendships at the office? Maintaining friends in highpressure professional environment can help you get ahead, say career expe s.
Want to be pa of India Direct on BBC World News? Send us your photos of India and we will pick the best for our exclusive picture galleries, on air and online. Here how you can take pa this pic is aamarnath jee yatra. Greatest indian holy place am proud to be pa of it
Former India cricket captain Sourav Ganguly speaks to BBC Hindi Rajesh Joshi about his long career. He reveals how he tried to motivate his team to win and gives his views on corruption in the game. Speaking about his own legacy, Ganguly says he was proud to have got the respect of Indian cricket overseas . Many Thanks to BBC ,HindiThey have done great job by taking long Interview of Sourav Ganguly, great Captain of Indian Cricket Team Listened to Rajesh Joshi, Norris Pritam and Atul Prem Narayan on BBC Hindi for last 17 years. Got chance to see him today. Thank you BBC India and BBC Hindi. Where can we see the full interview ?. very beautiful dada. Dada the term befits him. Great former indian captian.
Londonbased auction house Christie has marked its entry into India by holding its first ever sale of South Asian in Mumbai. Demand for work by Indian ists has been rising steadily around the world over the last few years. But how many Indians can afford the high prices now paid by serious collectors? The BBC Sameer Hashmi repo from Mumbai. What do you think? How many of them can afford?.
Does your neighbourhood make you happy or sad? Researchers are realising that how we feel about our local surroundings is vital to city success. That too sweet and very nice survey but personally feel first your own surrounding must be happy and cheerful if you sad and your surrounding is not good negative energy r gettingso sta your day with yourself happy and keep your loved ones happy this world will look more beautiful and happy place thenAmen and keep smiling. nice moving pic
An old conflict is coming back to life in Bangladesh as people accused of taking pa in atrocities during the war of independence four decades ago are finally prosecuted. Many want to see justice done but some say political show trials have resulted instead.
If you are diplomat abroad, you can get away with murder. Deputy consul general Devyani Khobragade was arrested in New York on suspicion of visa fraud. Can she claim diplomatic immunity? Yes, she has. If the murder in the name of Raymond Allen, who worked as security guard in US embassy in pakistan, has immunity, then this lady has more diplomatic immunity than that US security guard Rich Indians consider exploiting the poor as their bi right. They practice this habit even when they are abroad. The point to be noted she is also named in one of India biggest scams know as the Adarsh society scam. The American government should conduct proper investigations and punish the culprit. Diplomatic immunity should be considered more impo ant than human rights this case is not only of diplomatic immunity. It is of undiplomatic ways of USA to secure or claim their Diplomats immoral needs to be legalise. Their third grade strategies must be oppose by every independent country Its not fair rule this diplomatic immunity but then it should be unanimous change across the globe. I agree the current case requires thorough investigation lol BBC shows its true colours as expected. YES when US ambassador fools are able to visit India without any visa or valid US passpo , than why cannot Devyani??? US official are moving in India without valid documentation with the help of Italy Mafia so it is undemocratic to nab Indian official to US. Rules are rules.untlii these are changed.Hence rules are bindings on every country.As diplomat she has immunity rights Can LOKPAL handle such cases Ya thats true but this some rule Protects US diplomats from being to ured by sudanese. she is inocent,this is game of cia. First thing this diplomatic immunity is very impo ant because she is representing India so anything happens to her it is shame for India And USA think they could do anything India govt proves that they are wrong. Proud to be an indian. A way must be found out to arrest the diplomatic downslide by reso ing to parlance . Understanding between the two countries cannot be improved by diplomatic indecency This is out of rules of Deplomate. Any country cant arrested the Deplomates of other countries for social crime. This is not about rich or poor or powerful or common man, this is about diplomats and officials abroad. Americans get away unscathed even if their scandals are exposed even if they are not proper diplomats or government officials, there have been many such cases involving americans. This is about diplomacy and the case of Devyani is filled with various suspicions and loopholes and the manner it was handled was unfo unate and unprofessional. No matter how much controversy she may have back home, its for the Indian government to handle, the situation in usa on the other hand is poor show of faith from the US officials. A word of advice to US investigators should be to clean their home before pointing at people porch Indian Diplomats are not murderers.You SOB british chauvinist pigs Throw that fraud lady out of US. sure should have diplomatic immunity .she is not criminal?. think she can and he must do this . America is powerful country so it doesnt means we can bear that kind of harshment of our diplomat. now india understanding what is usa. Found suspicious, not guilty. The conclusion is that if you are common man you shall be exposed to so many rules and regulations but you can get away with any charges if you have some tags like Diplomat she is criminal in the eyes of US but still she is adamant to stay in US .really interesting. Good thanxful.
From an inspired cover version to one probe giant step for humanity, we look back at 2013 most impo ant space moments. This photo reminded me of my time in there
An ancient feud between Hindu gods Brahma and Vishnu form the foundation of Ka higai Deepam, one of the oldest and most impo ant Tamil holidays, celebrated on the night of full moon in late November or early December in South India. Hindu devotees light oil lamps, pictured here in Bangalore, as an auspicious symbol to ward off evil spirits and usher in prosperity. AFPGetty Images 3. best wishes to all my countrymen Most beautifull festival in the world.
Sherlock Season starring Benedict Cumberbatch and Ma in Freeman premieres on AXN tonight at 10PM SherlockLivesOnAXN Join the fun at the game is on thats all great but you should be the one showing that show Wake up, come back we miss you We want Doctor WHo and guess you are the ones who can bring it back, please . muahxxxxxx Thanks for The Empty Hearse . Great of the greatest detective stories ever seen my all time favorite Its good to see that you guys are not delaying it in Indian TV Pls dub it in tamil. let the show beigns
Tom Brook looks back at the films made in 2013 and picks his top ten ahead of the Oscars in February 2014.
Chris Hadfield was the first Canadian to walk in space but he probably better known for being YouTube star. While up on the International Space Station, he produced hours of content for social media. His biggest success came with his cover version of David Bowie Space Oddity, which has been viewed almost 20 million times. Hadfield told BBCtrending the secrets of his online success. I hv registered here but not sure dat its real.
Writer Ann Morgan set herself challenge to read book from every country in the world in one year. She describes the experience and what she learned. which book she selected from india to read?. challenging job. oh. . .so great. .awsome.
What will the cars of 2050 look like? What will power them? Will they even have steering wheel? BBC Future peers under the bonnet of tomorrow autos. They will run by thought conveyed wireless to the console. Powered by Hydrogen, these vehicles will be ecofriendly Thorium which is not urs . that are 2011 cars not 2050. JANTA KI AWAZ M 9350833068 jantakiawazpa BIG CORRUPTION IN MCD UNDER ADMINISTRATION OF BJP , EVERY WORKS MADE BY COUNCILOR MLA ARE VERY POOR QUALITY, THIS WILL BE INVESTIGATED BY TESTING INDEPENDENT INSPECTION AGENCY YEDURAPPA JESE LOK HAR PA IES ME MIEGE , BJP NE YEDURAPPA KO VAPS PA Y ME LE KAR BAHUT BARI GALTI KI HEA. BJP NEVER WINS IN LOK SABA IN THIS WAYS, BJP MUST CLEAR HIS IMAGE CONGRESS IS MOST CORRUPTED PA Y IN THE WORLD NOW AAP IS ALSO FOLLOW THE TERMS OF CORRUPTION OF CONGRESS. AAP IS NOT AAM AADMI PA Y, NOT AAP IS LUXARY PARY AAP CHEATING WITH THE HOPES OF POOR PEOPLE Its may run by gas which is pollution less and operates by voice recognization. lol wel think they run water, probably steam engines sounds possible thor. future cars will be run by robots
Want to be pa of India Direct on BBC World News? Send us your photos of India and we will pick the best for our exclusive picture galleries, on air and online. Here how you can take pa The great india. ready for china. fire. ready For pakistan. what is that ??????.
Most people would accept that Formula is dangerous spo , but is it really as treacherous as the new adrenalinefuelled racing biopic Rush makes out? Drive quick, not fast. F1 has quick cars and likeminded drivers. The awesome synergies of ManMachine are exhibited during the races. It isnt treacherous spo was if not anymore.
Ramachandra Guha on why Gandhi remains globally relevant mahatma gandhi was coward. We indians respect bhagat singh and chandrashekhar azad so of patriots more than gandhi. Its wrong to deceive the new breed of indians with gandhi tales. . I respect gandhiji But I respect netaji subhash chandra bose even more He is ma hero Infact he was real hero in fight of independence. Just another gandhian
BBC Culture chooses the greatest movies of the year including couple of period pieces, cerebral scifi flick and lostatsea adventure. very sexxxxx. American hustle wow .
A year of extremes in weather, from heatwaves in Australia and the US to the awesome power of storms on the British coastline. Here, young boy runs through dried riverbed after flood waters receded in the Indian city of Allahabad. Heavy August rain caused the worst floods in 30 years. AFPGetty Images though they made havoc, it is so beautiful to see the way they did it
Intelligent headlights, autonomous drive systems, air batteries and wristwatches? Theyre all pa of 2013 most compelling advancements in car tech. BBC Autos takes closer look at the technology developments that auger an even more fascinating year to come. Photo Audi
Indianadministered Kashmir is known for its highquality saffron, spice derived from the crocus flower. Photographer Abid Bhat travels to saffron field in Pampore town to see how the world most expensive spice is harvested. Proud to been Indian and pa of Kashmir. It is grown in Pampore and Kishtwar. It is just and only Kashmir of Republic of India indeed it Indian occupied Kashmir . 500 dollars pound in canada. If it from India, ill go without. Everything there is polluted horribly
As final shakedown of the coming Range Rover Hybrid, team of Land Rover drivers and engineers is in the midst of 52day, 14country expedition that will lead them from the company home base in Solihull, England, to Mumbai, India, and the headqua ers of the automaker corporate parent, Tata Group.
Year in pictures 2013 Hindu devotees perform Garba, traditional folk dance, during the celebrations to mark the Navratri festival at Surat in the western Indian state of Gujarat. SPECTACULAR the symphony the harmony the HINDUISM .
Tis the season to cast an eye back over the events of 2013. But how much do you remember? Test yourself with the BBC Magazine fourpa endofyear quiz. Pa covers October to December. I like ur news and information which is impo ant to upgrade the. Knoleldge
A pilgrimage of sadhus. Photo taken by Claude Renault Getty
This year was the year we all went mobile. And were not just talking sma phones and tablets. Were talking mobile workforces staying connected in and out of the office and using their devices for work and play. Were talking mobile data, stored in the cloud and mobile corporate structures trying to adapt to the new age of data sharing, collaboration and crowdsourcing. Mobile didnt simply refer to gadget, but to state of mind.
BBC Culture picks the greatest reads of the year, including harrowing truecrime tale, sho story collection and spy thriller. Anything by Phillip Kerr.
Tis the season to cast an eye back over the events of 2013. But how much do you remember? Test yourself with the BBC Magazine fourpa endofyear quiz. Pa covers July to September.
Want to be pa of India Direct on BBC World News? Send us your photos of India and we will pick the best for our exclusive picture galleries, on air and online. Here how you can take pa I dont have any pictures of Bengal Lancers.
Imagine world without shops or factories When you are in the middle of torrent of change, innovation eclipsing innovation, it can be hard to know what is passing and what will last. But the BBC Peter Day believes that, here, in 2013, we are in the middle of revolution so great it could turn our old familiar world upside down.
A new monorail is expected to be launched in Mumbai soon, as pa of plan to revamp the city struggling transpo infrastructure. Overcrowded trains and buses and long traffic jams are common in nearly every big city in India. Yogita Limaye investigates whether the monorail can help solve Mumbai commuters problems. well stop investigating and sta working india we are tired of hearing this India is developing country when we make the top industrialists , engineers scientists in the world . this one monorail has taken 10 years to build shouldve built 50 of these by now. slow progress. stop saying cant and just DO IT. this thing looks 30 years old and it not even moving yet city of joy. Great to watch but will it satisfy the common people?. nice to hear these word Not helpful childish plan
There much more personal information contained within your Twitter and Facebook posts than you think, which creates both benefits and fears. BBC Future explores what hidden signals in social media reveal about you
Tis the season to cast an eye back over the events of 2013. But how much do you remember? Test yourself with the BBC Magazine fourpa endofyear quiz. Pa covers April to June.
Bollywood star Mallika Sherawat has said the uproar caused by the gang rape of student in Delhi last year had emboldened women and encouraged many victims of sexual violence to come forward. The actress said she was absolutely horrified when details of the brutal attack emerged last December. She told the BBC Razia Iqbal It was an assault on every women living in India. It could have happened to me or any woman. What do you think about tigers Meow. looking beautiful. What lines are you talking about? First and foremost man should learn to respect woman but woman have also some lines which shoud not to forget. She is the best . respect one another, we need each other to survive.
Cold weather has disrupted life across no hern India, repo edly claiming several lives. The hill town of Shimla has experienced the season first snowfall. Go to canadian tire and get snow shovel Then go to tim ho ens and get coffee mug Shoveling snow isnt that had while drinking coffee. dostoN ek baar jrur laaik krkeN deNkheN hmeN puuraa vishvaas hai ki aapko yh pej jrur psnd aaegaa IN ONE PAGE& FOR QUIZ,CURRENT AFFAIRS,G.K.,NEWS ETC. LIKE THIS PAGE. General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India. dostoN ek baar jrur laaik krkeN deNkheN hmeN puuraa vishvaas hai ki aapkoN jrur psnd aaegaa IN ONE PAGE& FOR QUIZ,CURRENT AFFAIRS,G.K.,NEWS ETC. LIKE THIS PAGE. General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India General Knowledge India. Its nature of winter That cold. I like this channel be cool.
Nissan shifts towards wearable tech, again The Japanese automaker teased enthusiasts with rather curious piece of wearable technology. A promotional video depicts man wearing Google Glasslike specs called 3E, new technology that officially debuted at the 2013 Tokyo motor show.
Tis the season to cast an eye back over the events of 2013. But how much do you remember? Test yourself with the BBC Magazine fourpa endofyear quiz. Pa covers January to March.
Grandfather Frost, the Russian version of Father Christmas, will be linking up with astronauts on board the International Space Station, it is repo ed. Grandfather Frost of All the Russians is going to visit the mission control centre in Korolev outside Moscow on Sunday, 29 December, to pass on New Year and O hodox Christmas greetings, RIANovosti state news agency repo s.
Vikram Seth is an angry man. The celebrated novelist, who is writing sequel to his epic bestseller A Suitable Boy, is incensed with the recent decision of India top cou to uphold law which criminalises gay sex ruling seen as major blow to gay rights. Mankind has fo ified ificial stones around humanity, and it is time we tare down the walls and sta being human againno caste, no race, no 377, time to move forward. Love whom you love, and if man cant handle that, send them packing
Supersonic jets of the past and the future Wow .
Young Gujjar nomads walk with their flock on the outski of Jammu, as no hern India continues to face below average temperatures with dense fog affecting flights and trains. Gujjar are following this for decades. . Oh my GOD help the poor nd needy people . This is nature Gods gift to us should take it as it is
Want to be pa of India Direct on BBC World News? Send us your photos of India and we will pick the best for our exclusive picture galleries, on air and online. Here how you can take pa Sent you beauty . Ameya Dhumal send in your clicks here bro. Sachin Chaskar be pa of it bro. India please set visa free for mexicans I want to arrive by train, not by plane . All my photographer friends , here is your chance grab it Thanks bro. going to break like world trade centre. This is BJP Who will Govern of Hindustan from 2014 on wards. Ok thanks.
A Bollywood film starring veteran actor Dilip Kumar in the lead is set for theatrical release for the first time, 23 years after it was made. great couple. made for each other. Great coupal I love both of Nice to u both of u. Nice to see both of
Pulling crackers, clinking glasses, or setting puddings on fire mere traditions or more impo ant? BBC Future explains that rituals may date back to early human history, and can even change the flavour of food. Merry Christmas to all
Have you ever felt like inanimate objects are watching you? Well they might be thanks to growing movement called eyebombing. The idea is to stick removable goggly eyes onto objects like parking meters and pipes, so they almost seem human. Eyebombing is now gaining popularity on social media with the aim of trying to bring little light relief to the world. It helps people to think differently and enhance creativity
An airpowered car built of Lego, that can reach top speed of around 20kmh 12mph has hit the roads of Melbourne. It was built by an Australian entrepreneur and Romanian technologist who used more than 500,000 pieces of Lego to complete the car. Four airpowered engines and 256 pistons, all built of Lego bricks, enable the car to move. Everything bar the wheels is made from Lego. What car. transpo of tomorrow. Amazing technology.
Instead of watching It Wonderful Life every single year, try this selection of holiday pictures that also deserve to be considered classics. BBC Culture brings you the list of 10 great but overlooked Christmas movies Finally some culture.
Check out our gallery of readers pictures on Christmas Happy Christmas .
Holiday sweaters are the height of fashion this season. But how did they make the switch from cheesy to chic? BBC Culture explores why are Christmas knits cool
One family Christmas video card has been viewed more than 11 million times on YouTube is this the future? BBCtrending Merry Christmas. Brilliant. Great family. Merry Christmas We have very small family only eleven people Anyway its our channell. Merry Christmas BBC India.
Want to track Santa movements on Christmas Eve to get an idea of when he might be coming down your chimney? BBC Click Kate Russell suggests two ways to track him. Dear santa my gift ??? Its my bi hday too so need special one please . He going to be riding bengal tiger.
Enticing meatfree recipes for the festive season, including main courses, sta ers and snacks. Check out our vegetarian Christmas recipes and happy cooking Wow so tempting OOhhh yeaahhh was looking for vegies . Good you thought of veterians in the festivities Thank you vegetarians for leaving good food for us
We want you to be pa of India Direct, season of programmes and written features that we will be running in February online and on BBC World News. Please send us your photos of India and we will pick the best for our exclusive picture galleries, on air and online. If youd like to take pa , then grab your camera and get clicking. Here how
Astronauts reveal what festive celebrations are like in orbit, why Velcro is crucial at dinne ime, and why space stations and alcohol do not mix. What is it like to spend Christmas in space?
Everything you need for truly scrumptious Christmas Come into our Christmas kitchen and find inspiration on all things festive. From easy mince pies and edible gifts to our makeahead Christmas cakes. Merry christmas. Merry Christmas . Merry christmass Wow nice sweets merry christmas. Merry Christmas & happy eating
So just how do you wear six yards of unstitched cloth without getting hopelessly tangled? Yes so right you are when it comes to 12 yards call me will show you how to wear DHOTI in vaishnav style . The cloth is called sari yes dont forget the original Indian dress for males the DHOtI love the traditional indian dress.enhances the charm of women
Mumbai has hosted two literary festivals recently and the number of these kinds of events has risen rapidly over the past few years. It is being put down to the rise in the number of Indian authors writing in English. Yogita Limaye repo on the boom in the country publishing industry. Yes Tibor Jones Award sho listed for 2013 Devdan Chaudhuri, Meenakshi Thakur the writing scene finally revved up Shiva trilogy one best books. Mumbai forever in my hea .
BBC Travel lists the white marble temple of Rajasthan as one of the seven incredible places you may have never heard of. Built entirely out of white marble, the temple contains more than 1,000 pillars, all intricately carved with geometric patterns and motifs. The holy site can be found approximately 90km south of the city of Udaipur, and the real showstopper lies in its hea . Of pa icular note are the statues of an elephant and one of 108 snakes, all carved from single piece of marble. I like most people have never heard about it before. You havent mentioned the name of the shrine and the place. Its really wonderful site wo visiting Ranakpur temple.The most interesting pa is the carving of Akbar and royal sermon that no one will touch the temple in one of the pillar.For jains its holy place Very Beautiful temple. I visited this february with my family Very nice picture Where is udaipur. Pic Better . I visited it once It is jain derasar. What the places name??? .
Lamborghini unveils the mad, mad Veneno Roadster give it wings and maybe it could fly . looks the meanest machine ever and stunner what is car.
The notion that life on Ea has extraterrestrial origins has provided fe ile ground for scientists and science fiction writers alike. With one key difference. Egad put some clothes on we have decency laws here. DDD I have not seen scientists on this planet D.
Thoughtful & festive homemade gift ideas. Nothing says Christmas like the bubbling aroma of sugar and spice and stack of homemade gifts. Making your own is fun and creative and will save you money too, plus you are bound to pick up extra brownie points.
The prevalence and relative ease of adoption varies by location. And in some countries, adoption is on the rise. In India, for instance, adoptions have soared about 60 over the last few years, as the stigma of adopting has decreased, according to the Times of India. There were some religious and cultural issues with adoption in India in the past, but those barriers seem to be breaking down, said Lovaii Navlakhi, founder and chief executive officer of International Money Matters, financial planning organisation in Bangalore, via email. No matter where you live, there are few things you can do to ease the stress, time and cost Its realy gud idea of adopting child,we shud adopt an orphan child even we already hav children.by doing so we save life in other word fulfuling God wish I know there ce ain bengal tiger looking for good home. IT IS TRUE .
BBC Travel reader Sarah Morrison wants to spend the winter holidays in Europe. In the lead up to the festive season, our Facebook fans share their destination ideas. Nice pcs . You must come kashmir and enjoy holidays. Like Thish.
Last minute gift shopping? Check out BBC Travel gift guide for gadgets which includes this sleek Po Solar Charger that harnesses the power of the sun for you to make phone calls.
One of the biggest Instagram accounts in the Arab world is that of Ahlam Alnajdi woman from Saudi Arabia. She not celebrity but photographer and ist and she now has more than one million followers. Happy Christmas. Interesting Would like to knw more about her .
BBC Culture checks out ten of the world most beautiful railway stations and one of them is Victoria Terminus, Mumbai. Crafted in yellow sandstone, granite and bluegrey basalt, Victoria Terminus since renamed Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, although only officials and politicians seem to refer to it by this name in what was once Bombay, was opened in 1887 coinciding with the Golden Jubilee of the Queen Empress, Victoria. By calling it Victoria Terminus, BBC is sure to rustle some jimmies here in Bombay Rightly said VT to me And I am sure it is not made by indians. yes realy it wonderful scene in the world. its nt victoria terminious, its chhatrapati shivaji terminius. CST is the most beautiful station in lndia. its not proud for india. people who are not indigenous to Bombay call VT CST No one found to be made by indians for fame in world xpt taj mahal Who said only officials and politicians seem to refer to it by that name??? Its CST . It now known as Mumbai CST wow how can visit ?.
The fatal gang rape of 23yearold student inside bus in Delhi last December caused international outrage and prompted India to introduce stringent antirape laws. Author and journalist Nilanjana S Roy considers how the shocking case changed the country. nothing enougth .
Anjana Kumar says motherhood is overrated . Anjana has been married for more than nine years years now and does not have child. An increasing number of Indian women are choosing not to have children in country where motherhood is revered, repo BBC Hindi Divya Arya. whatever she should not be role model wat stuppidity. This should be the result of self oriented life Selfish women justifying their selfishness So confused to call them women .
The gang rape and murder of student on 16 December 2012 kept the media focus on women safety throughout the year. But do women feel safer, ask Indian newspapers year after the brutal incident. how boring you news coverage has come to. I know this is very impo ant but arent there are equally impo ant issues in India?. And still there no difference Bldy shame . is the rate reduced???. So sad on what happen 2tha young girl and what she went thru on tha nite that will truly shock india and all tha young women that would hav2 always watch over there own shoulder so it wont happen 2them as well my prayers with tha family God bless all
Top Gear has minted no sho age of memorable moments in its nearly 20year broadcast run. Whether sliding Ford Fiesta through shopping centre or breaching 250mph in Bugatti Veyron SuperSpo , the presenters and the programme are at their best when imbuing car love with touch of absurdity. BBC Autos counts down Top Gear 41 most memorable moments why has BBC Ente ainment stopped airing in india guys ? is it gonna resume anytime ?.
Women rights activists are holding vigils in the Indian capital Delhi in memory of female student who was gangraped and murdered on bus. The attack year ago provoked nationwide outrage and big protests. It led to debate on the treatment of women in India and strict new laws against sexual violence. Sanjoy Majumdar repo from Delhi. We should protect womens and save india because this is our mother india. Sorry cannot get justice because this is an INDIAN govt. We are also with you.
Increasing resistance to tuberculosis drugs around the world is ticking time bomb , says the World Health Organization WHO . It estimates almost 500,000 people around the world have type of TB which is resistant to at least two of the main types of drugs used to treat the disease. But most are not diagnosed and are walking around spreading these more deadly strains. More than half the cases are in China, Russia and India. This all comes with vicious cycle,the main component which only seems to work is active cooperation of public,there should be revolutionary workout to achieve that It wel. ????.
A state funeral for Nelson Mandela in his ancestral home of Qunu ends week of commemorations for South Africa first black president. black is beautiful
Getting immunised against lifethreatening diseases often means being pricked with needle even though it not the best method. Mark Kendall plan? A nanopatch that fires vaccines into the skin.
One of France most wellknown champagne producers has launched an Indian sparkling wine. President of Moet Hennessy Wine, JeanGuillaume Prats, told the BBC Sharanjit Leyl that India burgeoning middle class is eager to consume domestically produced luxury goods. He said that despite India hot climate, the company is confident it can produce high quality wine there. Last nail in Mallya coffin . CHEERS .
A 23yearold Indian student was fatally gangraped inside bus in the capital, Delhi last December. The attack caused international outrage and prompted India to introduce stringent antirape laws. A cou sentenced her attackers to death this September. The BBC Soutik Biswas met the family of the victim to find out how life had changed for them after her death. hey plz dont judge india indians based on some di rogues their deeds in our india there are many people who fought for that girl,protested,faced water cannons in winter,sat on roads in december for hours, and are still fighting against such heinous crimes not to forget her brave friend so dont be judgemental just because of some bloody rapists focus on developing better world for women India has sick people would never go 2a di country lol r.i.p 2tha young girl that lost her life 2such crime so sad I have so much to say about India,especially the people in the No and the Central areas know them. India is good country. Nd plz dont blames on indians. Nd we fighting against ths henous thg this is bbc india buddy. Rest all in peace to the brave gal .
It been year since the gangrape of 23yearold student on Delhi bus brought thousands on to the streets, demanding better protection for women. The law was updated, new police procedures and fasttrack cou were introduced but in some ways India approach to sex crimes is still stuck in the past. Dont give up the fight. If you do nothing, your rights will be taken away Indian have the courage to protest thats it we shall over come someday. India should bring capital punishment,if caught red hand beat himher in front of tv cameras so that public parents nation can see Tqhat is why India govt is lacking in
Even the sma est budgeters sometimes come facetoface with an abrupt, unexpected financial challenge. Often, these issues come handinhand with major life event losing job, splitting from spouse, or even receiving an inheritance. The emotion surrounding these events can make for murkyminded financial thinking. BBC Capital compiled list of intelligent steps you can put in place now to help you handle the major life events that can throw you into financial tailspin. Yes its useful . Waav it is very useful.
There been widespread outrage in India gay community, which is in shock after the country top cou reversed landmark 2009 Delhi High Cou ruling that had decriminalised homosexual acts. Yah they should stop that acts,.
A dense fog has enveloped the capital, Delhi, and pa of no India causing huge disruption to air and rail travel. Officials said at least 40 domestic and international flights were delayed at the Delhi airpo as the runway visibility dropped to below 50 metres.
India popular beach reso of Goa has seen rise in gambling addiction in the past decade after the state opened its first casino, writes Goabased journalist Mayabhushan Nagvenkar.
The Porsches that time forgot
A cou in the Indian city of Mumbai has ordered fresh trial in 10yearold hitandrun case involving Bollywood star Salman Khan. Law will take its own path and he is making jaiho film how righteous and how contrasting P. I was Salman khans biggest haiter. The guy is focused guy now .respect for him.
Jazeera V has travelled more than 2,000km 1,243 miles from her home in the southern state of Kerala to the Indian capital, Delhi, where she has been taking pa in protest for two months against sand mining in her coastal village. Since October, she has been squatting outside the Kerala House, the official building of the Kerala government near the 18th Century Jantar Mantar observatory, along with her three children. She is not fighting for herself, she is fighting for cause. I wish AAP people in Delhi should stand behind her Ur area mla sleeping discard lok sabha election Salute the brave lady of kerala. Y this is not covered by Indian media. brave women dont neglect herif we neglect her we losing our own enviroment. Hi r bold lady & strong fight until win. This is another case of Indian government ignorance to the common people. That why the new born baby AAP sweep away others in the national capital. Wait for other state election and after that I hope no one need to step out their homes to fight against corruption
The global economic slump hit many developed countries hard, so emerging markets like India are now key target for luxury retailers. From Mumbai to Bangalore, growing number of Indian consumers are willing to spend big. Shilpa Kannan spoke to consumers and retailers in Delhi India biggest luxury market. www.bbc.co.uknewsbusiness25259811?OCID fbbbcindia
They light up the sky with sparkle and colour. They explode with an appealing crisp bang. But what exactly happens to make firework displays so ente aining? Learn the science behind the big bangs here
Subaru has proud history of attracting canineloving carshoppers to its showrooms. It relationship the Japanese automaker is keen to maintain and not just by featuiring load of Subarubranded dog accessories in its gear catalogue. The first step in keeping loyal customer and his loyal companion is to keep both safe on the road.
In pictures India craze over Tendulkar farewell
3D printing has often been described as the future of manufacturing , but at the world largest 3D printing factory, 100 machines are already being used to produce items for aerospace, medical and military purposes. BBC Click Jen Copestake travelled to Eden Prairie, Minnesota to find out more. Watch the video here The only challenge is the speed today I am sure this will change
For most of us, dreams are notoriously difficult to recall in detail and even harder to understand or interpret. Hunter Soik dreamcatcher for the digital age believes he can help. The KoreanAmerican, who lives in New York, is launching an app for sma phones which will not only allow users to record their dreams, but also create searchable global database of what goes on in our minds while we sleep. I would love to have that app wat tech.
How do you save, spend and invest your money? Before you answer, consider which country you live in influences your money decisions. How you save for retirement, healthcare, or housing, even your splurges on fancy coffees, are determined, in pa , by government benefits and the state of your country economy. In India, cash and gold are kings.
A tiger that is believed to have killed three villagers in the past week in the southern Indian state of Karnataka has been caught, senior official said. The animal has been shot with tranquilisers and put in cage, C Srinivasan told BBC Hindi. Tiger has killed just three. And killed thousand of them, destroyed forest and built reso . No where to go, nothing to eat , poor animal has easy prey human beings. Are you going to put him in line up.
Ever taken taxi and then later realised you have left something behind on the back seat? A new cab in Tokyo has the answer to the problem of forgetful passengers. BBC Click Spencer Kelly looks at the Tokyo taxi that ale you if you have left anything behind. GREAT IDEA .
For city generally regarded as an early adopter of trends, it has been long wait for Mumbai to get its first microbrewery. BBC Travel checks out Mumbai first brewpub Tender coconut is mother of all drinks Dont get fooled Ur health will be ruined go desi than videshi . My spirits light up at the sight of this champion plastic manufaturer pvc shrink film.
India gay community and human rights activists say they will continue to fight for equality, after the country top cou upheld law which criminalises gay sex. The Supreme Cou ruling reverses landmark 2009 Delhi High Cou order which had decriminalised homosexual acts. The BBC Sanjoy Majumder spoke to activists, who have taken to the streets in Delhi. Human right should in right way only.Our supre cou declared the correct way only Monkey heads think even that also for the silly shameful things to be cried inside your locked room. Never show off your foolishness of thoughts. Huuiish huuiisssh.
You can use it to buy beer in Berlin, order pizza in Amsterdam, hire taxi in Edinburgh, schedule dental checkup in Ljubljana, do degree in Nicosia, purchase Alpaca socks from Massachusetts or even blast off into space with Virgin Galactic. Why does Bitcoin have value?
Twelve compelling stories of the struggles of South AsianAmerican women as they strive for success are featured in calendar called Saris to Suits. Titled Saris to Suits, the calendar aspires to create awareness about domestic and sexual violence against women in the South Asian community. Watch the video here Change of mindset is most impo ant. I hope sunny leone is in one of tjem. Very nice God bless you.
From squi ing stuff out of unspeakable body pa to shooting jets of blood, BBC Future explores the most potent and bizarre ways that animals ward off attacks.
A British charity wants to remove pacemakers from people who have died in the UK and send the devices to developing countries for reuse. Pace4Life says thousands of the lifesaving devices, which cost thousands of pounds, are typically thrown away or buried with patients each year in the UK. Ganpat, featured here, says he could never have afforded new pacemaker. attitude very nice Wow what noble gesture of charity Why? There Arent Poor People In Developed Countries??. Great. That good idea . very good positive thinking A good step towards humanity if done it will ba helping many really blessing. it is big life provider for thousand of hea patients. This is true.
India highest cou has restored law which criminalises gay sex. The Supreme Cou ruling reverses landmark 2009 Delhi High Cou order which had decriminalised homosexual acts. The cou said it was up to parliament to legislate on the issue. According to Section 377, 153yearold colonial law, samesex relationship is an unnatural offence and punishable by 10year jail term. What is your reaction to the Supreme Cou ruling? sec377 Shameful verdict. Good Decision Positive move by Honble Supreme Cou Our India is developing country it wont go to da next level i.e developed untill it gets rid of its conservative thoughts its like goin inside da well knowingly afta coming outta it The activists are nothing but for projects, they clearly know the foolishness of exposing the hopeless curse. Huuiosssssh huisssshhhhh. Any rule is framed according to the needs of the citizens based on their customs. Indian society reject this type of relationship. We welcome Cou verdict A section should be on social relation
Why should I be scared of the government when electric current doesnt scare me? asks Loha Singh, who purloins electricity and provides illegal connections for living in Katiyabaaz Powerless , riveting new documentary on power theft in India. loha nhi copper singh. His name must copper singh. is it sweaty?. right.
As Sachin Tendulkar completes his 200th and final Test before retiring from cricket, the BBC Rahul Tandon explores the phenomenon of Hinduism living gods label that has been used to describe the cricketer. cricket demi god but not hindu god type god of cricket My fevour. god of mine the living legend. No body is God. It is handiwork of few sycophants who have vested interest in promoting the individuals for their benefits
In India, producing surrogate babies is booming business. Reproductive technology allows wealthy but childless couples to hire impoverished Indian women as surrogate mothers. Pregnancy and childbi have become commercial transactions. Dr Nayna Patel is pioneer in the field. She says it is positive experience for surrogate mothers but HARDtalk asks her if she is exploiting poor, sometimes illiterate women? who knows? Exploitation is rampant everywhere Exploitaton prevalent every where we indians hav learned shut our eyes Nammal engananu bai atilendanu bai. WHAT A TIME . No doubt every aspect has two faces. One is brighter face and another is darker face It is two way happiness, baby for rich and money for poor women . its good and helping the families whoes dreams are quite big for his own childs but they faced worlds most major money problems lot of poor but sensible and educating families are accepting that
Asia is in the grip of diabetes epidemic. Often thought of as disease of the rich, expe say the unabating rise may be fuelled as much by food scarcity and insecurity as it is by excess. Changing lifestyles, rapid urbanisation and cheap calories in the form of processed foods are putting more and more people at risk of developing Type2 diabetes. China has the greatest number of diabetics in the world, according to the IDF, with India being the second country on the list. rightly said. This is not due to Asian style but due to Western style which has been adopted by Asians
A $10,000 Vespa? What price Italian style? How many CC engine?. Superb bt costly. Too much cost how company? indian . Vespa is world wide accepted name in two wheelers. I owned vespa . Drove it and felt pride . I never forget this one more than lacs, that too for 125cc150cc O. it looks cool and dashing Great.
The keyboard and mouse have long been the main bridge between humans and their computers. But now, touchless technology wants to take control and which would take another century. its really new one.
AntiNigerian sentiment has been high in the Indian state of Goa since 31 October when group of Nigerians took pa in protest after one of their countrymen was murdered, writes Pamela DMello. the diplomat threatng sms trigrd the sentiment. I dont knw if they come here to study or do biz. Why evry where they in drug trade? Or am just being racist .
It might seem natural, but as Maddie Moate from Ea Unplugged explains scientists still dont know whether every species needs snooze especially as it is difficult explaining what sleep actually is. INDIANS are awaking ,do not doubt of sleeping we will rule on world very soon, given the best chance to everyone to rule world After hard day. Like food , sleep is must. Sleep is recovery period
Mumbai is attracting growing band of foreign actors hoping to make their fo une in the planet most exuberant and musical film industry yes. absolutely. India seems to be centre of attraction in this case Ver nice God bless you. Globalization and its visible impact What an in depth neutral unbiased repo . Now that journalism at its best. For whites its never easy to stay in Bollywood. India has become IPL for many things cricket, and now film offers. When they dont get may roles in their own countries or elsewhere, they would naturally come to Bollywood. White skins are ever preferred
In the past two years, India economy has seen sharp slowdown and that has had direct impact on youth unemployment, pa icularly for graduates chasing whitecollar jobs. But, despite that, some pa of the economy are desperate to find skilled young workers and that could have big knockon effect. Everyone wants white collar job no dignity of labour. That called ignorance in big scale
How do telescopes let us see so far into space?
THANKS A MILLION Weve hit 1,000,000 fans and were still growing. Thanks to each and every one of you for your suppo . great just launch new channel in thamizh . BBC great channel in the world itself. We Indian always with you World the best NEWS channel around the globe BBC. You guys are doing amazing work by sharing, plz dont stop sharing Knowldage grows by sharing . what about the new season of sherlock. Bbc india page is facebook millionaire Awesome Bring the channel back Miss it so much. Congrats BBC India . Well congrats to BBC India, but when I can see telecast . Thank U. Now please broadcast your channel bbc one nd ente ainment in India. Sherlock is coming you know. .
How much sugar is in Coke? Cocacola president of Europe speaks to Newsnight Jeremy Paxman about the calorific content of their drinks. chillout. Too much and coke is harmful for health dont drink any soft drink .
Stories abound of humans brought up by wild animals, but often they are pure fiction. It rare to find someone who reentered society after living in the company of animals and is able to talk cogently about his experiences including, apparently, sharing food with family of wolves. Did this man live with wolves?
What are your chances of finding Mr or Ms Right? How many people should you date before you decide to settle down? Maths has the answer. No no,not date in real ,just fli ing on fb lol. . this is wrong ,indian people do marry & after they made right mr & mrs live happy lifetime . It is the wrong process of Dating for knowing others only after marriage ,we know the person gradually .
The kitchen of the future will be your interactive friend, helping you cook, shop and eat with optimum hygiene and efficiency. And many of the technologies that will help us live this way are already here. Sma fridges featuring wifi enabled tabletstyle screens and barcode scanning technology can keep tabs on the foods they contain, including their useby dates. Waiting for it So what to do with the filthy restaurants? I dont think they will ever close. The pleasure in eating golguppa from road side vendors is something different even if people know the mixture of ameba,fluke ova,unhealthy bacteria they are eating. These wonder kithchens of the future are show case presentation nothing more than that
Amusing photos of cats may provide hours of ente ainment for people browsing online but can they be used to help people remember things? Will these cute creatures help learners to remember their foreign phrases?
If you scooped up all of the world water and made it into giant sphere, how big would it be? Find out on BBC Future People dont belive green house errect Because winte comes 15 days earliar in usa and uk. Why shud smeone scoop all th water?? . Wah What great scene wo seeing wo visiting again and again and still again
British photojournalist Hazel Thompson has spent the last decade documenting the lives of girls trafficked into India thriving sex industry. She spoke to Atish Patel about her experiences. It big issue but government functionaries take it very lightly. And NGOs are involved in making money out of every such schemes. Very dishea ening . Indian bureaucracy do nothing in favour of Indians girl security except being spectator Hazrl Thompson is just brave girl who dared to step out on the streets of India to documenting on the girls that being trafficking across the nation A salute to such bravery soul You are right Vijay ji.
For more than 30 years, engineer Tal Goleswo hy lived with lifethreatening hea condition until he came up with his own beautifully simple solution to treat it. Find out how Tal Goleswo hy engineered solution to treat his hea condition Crude complicated method Why go for it, try our own Baba Ramdev method yoga medicine for all disease . this is not bbc india. Very nice God bless you.
BBC Capital coaches you on how to make dramatic career change try to win. Research always is SEARCH may be with every indisual
Cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar has played his last international game for India. Author and politician Shashi Tharoor writes about how India and its cricket will cope with life without him. sachin love is always with indian team yeah he is not there but his love his inspiretion is always available as an extra subsitute for each indian player sachi is great player in this planet. People tend to forget that India has many Sachin who are waiting for there fair chance. Making one man legend is not fare. He played good cricket and contributed his pa to the country. But there are many other most talented cricketers who has equally contributed to Indian cricket, They need to be appreciated as well. Therefore we should be impa ial and should give fair chance to all the upcoming and undiscovered legends who can give there contribution for our indian cricket
In less than three years, 13yearold Quin Etnyre learned to programme electronics, created his own company, and began teaching MIT graduates in his spare time. Fuelled by love of electronics and education, Quin developed sta er kits to help children dive into the world of electronic programming. Now, this whizkid has plans to revolutionise the education system, integrating electronics into everyday classes. So nice and very good. what kid, really its not kidding. Its great
With the video telephone and jetpack now conquered, humankind seems bound and determined to make good on another ageold promise the flying car. I want that. Indians need this. what amegen car
For many people, the main concern in yoga class is whether they are breathing correctly or their legs are aligned. But for others, there are lingering doubts about whether they should be there at all, or whether they are betraying their religion. Dont listen to anyone. Keep calm and do yoga thats true lenka this girl dont want to do yoga any more, she is flying Yoga is fully scientific.It is spiritual practice not religious practice.It will keep body & mind fit. Dont follow blind religious leaders who spreading poison in name of religion Yoga is an ancient form of exercise. Strict rules & posters to be maintained while doing yoga. If someone think strict rule to any religion then they are themself to blame. Yoga can be done anywhere anyplace any dress but with correct poster like any other exercise. Dont follow sadhus & babas who take for ride and make money in name of religion Yoga is not religion that just thinking silly yoga is such beautiful excerise for ur mind and body.
India has 20 secret files relating to the 1945 disappearance of independence leader Subhash Chandra Bose, officials say. INA leader Subhash Chandra Bose is venerated by many in India for his role in the independence struggle. fredm fitr India never forget him Today we independent bcoz of him British were also know he ws such brave leader Di politics has veiled the cause of Netaji death from Indian public. Congress was behind all these and this is why congress wants to hide the truth really very breave men sir subhas. A great man of India. We never forget his courageousness. JAY HIND TUM MUJHE KHOON DO MAI TUMHE AZAADI DOONGA. Great man God knows what happened at that point of time. salute ur courage, ur thirst free INDIA. Truely his positive approachment has given real freedom . THAT secret will come out once The real hero of India. Why cant we use act to get the info?. If it is correct , Why it is kept secret ?. Why Mr. Roy name them rather than beating at the bush?.
What are the most gorgeous movie theatres on the planet? A few of the great old movie palaces are still open and operating along with some latterday marvels that put homeviewing to shame. Here are BBC Culture picks for the 10 most beautiful cinemas in the world still in existence I went to the Raj Mandir 15 years ago. An absolute gem despite the fact that I did not understand one word of the hour long Bollywood film This is houner fr Raj mandir & japiur hites that BBC Culture picks 10 beautiful cinemas in the world. Raj Mandir, Jaipur has always been the best theater even after opening these multiplexes 1996 Photograph Old is getting Gold Here. . Been there great movie house. was come here befoe 12 year Rajmandir cinema in jaipur hea of jaipur Think In 1991 saw beta there. The best in India. In jaipur.must watch movie in Raj Mandir Thank you BBC awarding this honor to Jaipur. Raj mandir is good making cinema. also seen that. My pink city jaipur that great.
By the year 2020 the US is expected to have 1.4 million computingrelated jobs, but will only have the capacity to fill third of them. Should schools in the United States be looking to India for tips on how to get more students to study science and maths? If only they get neighbors and relatives and society that had more control in choices than the person himself indeed, theyve to think about it they should ask for tips from indian parents rather than schools. Indian Chinese are going to fill all of those jobs lol. someone stop these girls jeans were meant for boys fashionable trends girls now wearing it Tshi and shi were too meant for boys these girls too snatched those now see these two girls they wearing shoes and sandals that too meant for boys D D It has nothing to with the chooling system in India. The systems are as varied as the languages here, if not more. What draws so many Indian kids to take up mathscienceIT etc is the extremely competitive parents and the pressure of making decent living in an ever more populous country When top qualifed cmptr engineers fm third world country are ready to work for them, why worry Mr Obama . They should also let us have tips on how to generate such volumes of jobs in India.Here so much of money is being spent by students to get jobs in USA,not India Yeah, we should totally expo the mad parent who hits you with the chappal to make you study science and math because the neighbour relative great grand dad does did, or because that is the only respectable option, since commerce bania, and humanities call centre Essentially, schools have little to do with Indian students studying math or science, and the teaching is exceptionally poor No no let them hire.
As the authorities plan to relocate colony of puppet makers in the Indian capital, Delhi, its few thousand residents tell BBC Akanksha Saxena why life is daily struggle for them. Verry nice God bless you.
TV most famous Time Lord has been to different worlds and ages, but what do these journeys look like? Take trip through our interactive map and see archive clips too. any update on the channel returning to india. my fevo. News chenals bbc.
Have you ever wanted your very own dinosaur? Up for auction in the UK is the almost complete fossil of diplodocus the extremely large, longnecked dinosaur from the late Jurassic period. It is expected to reach more than PS500,000 US$800,000 when it is sold on Wednesday. . India is already being ruled by dinosaurs. Of course, if some one still cares to proffer it as gift, it must be accompanied by the custom duty amount. That is the Indian tradition. For gifts This is danger hear from you.
Picking up litter. Buying someone in need coffee. Or just doling out free hugs. There growing movement of people doing nice things for strangers, but do they make for kinder society? Highly unavailable in these days.
The rundown Manor Road Garage site was redeveloped in period style and turned into eight luggzury flats, featuring the original glassdomed Shell petrol pumps. Would you live in house like this? No Apa ment which we purchase is one time investment. Why waste money on luxury apa ment that look like petrol pump .
Indian media are blaming politicians for not having coherent plan to counter terrorism, five years after the deadly attacks in India financial capital Mumbai. Yes Its True, bt what can we do? . Horrible . It is going to world news Me too. Yes congress government of state & center is sleeping doing only for self protection money making War against terroism is global issue. All pa ies irrespective of their view should come together & take stronge action. India with too many pa ies fighting for personal gain it is an up hill task .
The Indian city of Chennai Madras is hosting the world chess championships, which could end the sixyear reign of local man Vishwanathan Anand. Mahesh Sharma repo on the craze around the game in the city and how Anand popularity has triggered chess revolution among the young. sir anand have greate persnality with simplicity on last match of championship he wishes and congrats the 22 year old new world champion with shaking hands while new champ is still on chears and feeling the win which he got againts six time world champ. Isnt this post bit late?. At the end of the day game matters. Records are made to be broken. It is good news not only for chennai folks but to all chess lover around the world .
Five military trucks you can buy I want one of em. Two accepta. How to buy. How to buy plz call. Wow Interesting
Five decades in five minutes take whistlestop journey through time and space with all 11 regenerations of planet Ea best known Time Lord, his Tardis and his numerous travelling companions. Watch the slideshow here Glad to know .
India Maoist rebel groups are increasingly hiring more women for their operations, repo journalist Kishalay Bhattacharjee. Maoist gps recurit young girls, then use them for thier cause & then for own satisfaction. Poor girls life is misery but no escape. Readers these gps are not pak gps . woman an easily available product in indias criminal market India is very bad time. money is matter to growth them
Good morning to all our fans Very Good Morning. Excelent photo . it is Benaras . Good morning BBC. Same to you good morning if you anybody like visit in uttarakhand so welcome . Good shot. Good Mrng. Its Saturday Morning Very very good morning bbc your work is awazing . Winter sta now and morning is came slowly slowly Good morning Come with something interesting as always . Gd morning.
Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar might soon worshipped in temple planned in his name in Bihar state. The shrine is being built by Manoj Tiwary, local film star, and will be opened to the public early next year. So so weird Sometimes limit is limit He just ordinary man who played cricket Gosh . Dont gv god place to sachin.he is human being like us.god made him and sachin dint made god.think and do what ull doing.if not wait for bigger tsunami lets see if sachin can stop Insanity to another level That would be the biggest insult to the little master . Seriously? Have we really come to this? If Sachin is really allthat awesome he will put stop to this. what nonsense wonderful player. It happens only in india . ?. In south India, where temples are made, but pooja is prohibited. Sachin statue is ok and covered structure also but pooja????? It must be cheap publicity stunt I think he is better than God Because Sachin Tendulkar exists and He has inspired Millions and made them believe that True Happiness is just keep doing the thing you love He has given Billion People Thousands of Moments of Joy & Belief by his tasks No God can match him. Its happen only in india wake up india. Weird or what ?. Cant they make proper statue. Dont blame common man. First of all he should have rejected bharat rathana. He should go public & stop. .
Authorities in India Bihar state have unveiled model of what they say will be the world largest Hindu temple. At 405ft 123m , the proposed Viraat Ramayan Mandir would be nearly double the height of Cambodia Angkor Wat, which currently holds the title. Feed the need, treat the sick instead of building temples. We already have sufficent temples. It is like having many children when cont feed one OMG Temple that too in Bihar . this temple is to be built ni bidupur in vaishali district,merely km from district headqua er HAJIPUR. it would be better if Bihar govt. make world class hospital for the poor people with free of cost treatment instead of Temple, shelters should be made for the poor and needy. Angkor Wat was constructed hundreds of years ago but the current situation of it has shown the irresponsibility of man towards the creativity of his ancestors When Taj Mahal was constructed, tonnes of grains were brought from the country to Agra, which caused famine in many major pa of the country, and the royal treasure lapsed all these lead to destruction of the empire together with the country governance We should always think briefly before taking huge step that would this be beneficial for this planet and its people ?. The impoverished state need better policy makers the temple is built by people who had gave food to the needy, health services for kids and cancer patients. Once it built, the income wud get dive ed towards social cause is it really impo ant ?????. somebody is building the largest temple, some are busy announcing highest statues. what about serving the highest number of poor. let someone strive to create record of that I have read various sanctimonious comments. It is Hindu bashing of curious kind. Every body advises Hindus to build toilets instead of temples. Nothing wrong about it. Try this constructive advice on other religions too and get their response. Recently, some idiot politicians and similar riff raff also singled out Hindu temples to surrender their gold to the corrupt government. This amounts to practizing communalism of the most fundamentalist kind
A stash of 24 gold bars wo more than $1.1m has been discovered in the toilet compa ment of commercial plane in eastern India. Cleaners found the haul in two bags on board Jet Airways flight at Kolkata airpo , officials said. Why go on digging temple compound when find it in toilet Any sadhu claiming saw gold laying toilet . Next time board train enter toilet, test ur lady luck . lol,,,,bbc india,,,,,,you are too late for this news. o. give it to thirupathi. m2 wnt bcom popular lyk smugglers shown en BBC India . Could do with some gold Want to share bit? Will make it point to inspect toilets, ha ha ha . dream of sobhraj or black money . p.s give me at least of them Please give one bar gold.
A powerful cyclone is headed for India southeastern coast with winds up to 120mph 200kmph and heavy rain, the meteorological depa ment has said. Thousands of people were evacuated from coastal areas in advance of the storm and relief workers have been deployed. Cyclone Lehar is expected to trigger storm surges of up to 3m 9ft , with Andhra Pradesh coast to be worst hit. OMG Is it never ending story . oh my god is it never ending story. we will very careful to know more about climate changes thanks for sharing
We are in the midst of an online education revolution, aimed at benefiting us all. But how do we help the twothirds of the population with no internet access that is, those who would benefit the most from access to these tools? Till now 82 fools have clicked like it like blind voting Donate edu can erase pove come to kerala and see how we educate our young kids . revolution necessary not only by the government alone but each and every people also 100 littaracy is my dream Innocent baby.
An influential Hindu religious figure has been found not guilty of the murder of temple manager in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Sri Jayendra Saraswathi, head of 1,000yearold Brahmin monastic order, was arrested in 2004 in connection with the murder of Sankararaman, manager of temple in Kanchipuram. The verdicts came more than nine years after Sankararaman was murdered. Truth alone trumphs God will punish him Then ask indian president to appoint as judge. The baldness man murder that manager with the help of his rowdies. and He bought all Judges, witness and higher officials too As result he is free now Its shame for us By this we came to know Bramin dominates in all
The oldest big cat fossils ever found from previously unknown species similar to snow leopard have been unea hed in the Himalayas. The skull fragments of the newlynamed Panthera blytheae have been dated between 4.1 and 5.95 million years old. Their discovery in Tibet suppo the theory that big cats evolved in central Asia not Africa and spread outward. Very good Close sight picture So that makes India,the mother of tigers. Back then there was no India, just big cats and lot of snow.
India recently launched an unmanned probe to Mars but the prospect of sending people to the planet is another thing altogether. However, one European firm is promising to establish human settlement on Mars in the next decade. Despite it being oneway trip, people from all over the world have applied to get on board, including large number from India. Yogita Limaye met some of the applicants. I will apply too in next bi h. Ea is suffice in this one . Why allways westernunion blaming atchivements of India. no other country of poor people,large population not atchived such landmark on spacetechnology.
Living below the sea is possible, at least for sho time. So what is stopping us creating colonies to ease overpopulation, or guard against disasters? Already endangred wild animals on land . Let the under water spices live in peace .
Chess is competitive there no two ways about it. But what about cheating at chess? An online crowdsourced game pitting Norway against the Rest of the World has been abandoned due to sabotage. BBCtrending repo Picture cou esy THINKSTOCK Fun of game is no more with advanced technology. Play kabbadi . yes chess is good game but wonder why bao an african game has been left in olmpic games. .
From Angry Birds to Minecraft, computer games are invading the classroom. But this is not going on behind the teacher back anymore it is pa of the lesson plan.
Should we call this the Cadillac of interiors? Interiors of cadillac ?. should post full pic . WT IS THS?. Simply fantastic. The best brands at discounted prices FREE Shipping .
It looks like scene from low budget science fiction series. In fact, the wooden egg floating on the water in quiet inlet of Hampshire Beaulieu River, is home, workspace and laboratory for ist Stephen Turner. For the next year he is living and working in the Exbury Egg, as pa of project to explore the nature of the landscape and the meaning of place, amidst environmental changes. hr & no comment Any pages for common man BBC?. It full creativty. It full of creativity nd it truly amazing Wow . Science world. Way to sta study on effects on nature by mowing down trees and making the lab Cool may visit this when I go back to England helo nice.
In his home city of Mumbai, Sachin Tendulkar is bringing to an end career that has earned him godlike status in India. But how good are his batting stats compared with other top players? Forget his stats, no one can match his humility, temperament and dedication. He is living example of champion without malice Again very well researched icle. But this seems more like Lawyer icle lacked humility. What makes Sachin God like figure is his compassion for game, his positive attitude, off course aspirations of billion and thousands of runs. He unites us. He is India. Thanks. He had been cool baby. But failed as captain . For India he is best inspite of gape in rank he is highest in digit.No one can compared with Sachin and Lara. . He played for india, he took indian cricket to another DIMENSION. This is our time to honour him as indian. I salute him for his dedications. Keep the stats for another day He is very talented cricketer. His record show us his stats
Nirvana sold tens of millions of albums, then tragically imploded. Twenty years on from their third album, In Utero, what is Nirvana legacy?
Personal devices can be useful at work but some companies shy away from allowing employees to use them. Sma business or security nightmare? Personal touch will be lost if personal devices are allowed .
The respected broadcaster and naturalist, Sir David Attenborough, told the BBC recently that population growth was out of control but one expe says the number of people on the planet could peak in 40 years. Who should we believe? Check out the predictions for India population growth here In India the situation is alaraming. It is for expe to predict. Population growth rate is indirectly teaches that there is always peaceful minded people who are really not to be brain drained
You spend hours planning trip internationally, but how much time do you spend thinking about what youll do for money when you get there? Many of us rely on credit cards when we travel, but may be surprised how quickly fees rack up. A few simple steps before you leave for the airpo can save you money and hassles when you pull out the plastic overseas. Learn the tricksin 90 seconds. Learn age is not the limit .
Named the Land of Kings for good reason, visitors can spend days soaking up the atmosphere in one of India most iconic and alluring regions. Have you been to Rajasthan? yes, several times. Thought Jaipur was amazing, until I went to Jodhpur. Thought Jodhpur was amazing until I went to Udaipur They are all amazing ofcrz twice bt nt en palace. yes ofcrs, my home state . twis but not in palace.
Technology has transformed the theme park thrill ride, fuelling global arms race to create the fastest, tallest, scariest rides the world has ever known. Parks are meant give joy ride not scary ride . That great. I love this
Tossing, turning, cant get to sleep? It familiar feeling for many. Here are five things that could be preventing us from getting the restful night we need.
A crashing spaceship, desperate pilot and an ancient world all lead the Doctor towards terrible choice Watch the very special miniepisode, The Night of the Doctor
Media in India are criticising leading politician demand to ban the use of the English language in parliament. Mulayam Singh Yadav, chief of the Samajwadi Pa SP , repo edly sought to ban English in favour of Hindi and other regional Indian languages. Of course his son is educated in an English medium school and went to college in Australia. No wonder he wants to ban the use of English language . Mulayam brain has not yet got out. of forest bandit era still an aboriginal excuse him Can someone from the BBC India Team ask him where did his children get their schooling ie what kind of education did they receive??? Was it all taught in Hindi Then make stupid and idiotic statements Think of where India is now and all those international company that are investing Its because of the oppo unities the people of India have to converse with around the WORLD mulayam must learn english now. Just like the French in Quebec but is it really going to help?.
Could you easily lift 50kg? This man can but that is because he is wearing muscle suit that gives him extra strength. Click Spencer Kelly was at the Japanese technology show Ceatec where the suits were being shown and he decided to put one to the test. That I dont know,but,my dumbells is of 30 kg which can lift easily without any suit D. GI JOE ???????. The arms may lift, but can the legs and back suppo it. What are the ergonomics of industrial use ? Maybe ok for occasional lifts what is the exact use of this technology ?. thin this is invention of the machine . can so hopefully This is the begining of Iron man
It called the Lexus LFNX, and is the Japanese carmaker vision of midsized crossover think Audi Q5 that could become pa of the range in the future. Automotive origami? Can I make one round. I guess this car will look the same even after getting into terrible accident all crumpled up . Nice shape
A longawaited metro rail service has been launched in the suburb of Gurgaon near the Indian capital, Delhi. The 5.1km 3.16mile stretch of elevated track has six stations and is the first one in India built by publicprivate pa nership. The journey through Gurgaon congested business district will take 13 minutes residents hope it will ease traffic congestion in the area. This is incredible INDIA There is lot that has to be done by the government. Just 15min bike ride from this stop. You have the worst of the roads in old gurgaon and I mean the original gurgaon. The bus station of the city is cry. Hope the government steps in to do much more. For the moment this metro news is great. Gurgaon looks amazing in this pic. It indeed awaited for long.Govt has to share the blame Thank god some journeys are gonna be better in this ill cleaned country D.
A spinning wheel used by Indian independence hero Mahatma Gandhi while in prison has been sold at auction for about PS110,000. You british first plundered india and also selling historical items to earn more from india I am vry shameful and must be too . its ours who has the right to sell it ?who has the right to buy it ?gandhiji was our hero gandhiji is our hero . is it curse or good news fo india. give it to us its our Who bye it ?. Great invention.
The year 1913 marked the beginning of an extraordinary relationship between an impoverished Indian clerk and Cambridge don. A century later, their remarkable friendship has left its mark in the strangest of places, namely in Futurama, the animated series from The Simpsons creator Matt Groening and physics graduate David X Cohen.
Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, who retired from cricket on Saturday after playing 200 Test matches for his country, has been described as India best antidepressant . Speaking the BBC Andrew No h, the editorinchief of television network IBN18, Rajdeep Sardesai, paid tribute to boy genius . Watch the video here Sachin da most popular cricketer en da wrld wll misen bi da peopl lot as he ez retired.,but ua nme wil use bi da peopl 4eva . Let wait other Sachin. ground missing lot to sachin when he will come to again for india .we are yet still waiting like 1day equal to 1year
Women now account for 19 of board positions in the 100 largest listed companies. That is still below target levels, and there are only female chief executives. But one country now making significant inroads, pa icularly in finance, is India where no fewer than eight major banks are led by women. Reeta Chakraba repo women power gaining momentum is good sign. ohh reaaly. Most of these are just charades to promote picture of Indian corporate scenario. Though presidential post was ably led by Her Excellency Pratibha Patil, very few other women have done justice to their designations This because of education, rights given to women which led to women empowerment. This credit goes to UPA govt. and INC thts better India is running under Sonia Gandhi than Indira Gandhi. Do, bank is very small thing, like Diana Women from villages must be educated wisely to go for jobs not for marriage after studying. cheers to womanhood
The hashtag ThankyouSachin has been one of the biggest trends on Twitter over the past few weeks with more than 3.5 million tweets thanking India cricket star Sachin Tendulkar as he retires from the game. Many have called him legend . Some even God . But how spontaneous was this outpouring of emotion on Twitter? BBCtrending repo Picture cou esy of Getty Images Why be Legend? If you can be GOD?. Legend God Of Cricket. East or west Sachin is the best think sachin is not god, because if see today indian team so think there to many players who have the ability to play much better then sachin Sachin score highest because he played 200 matches. And believe me if today an indian player play like this he will score more then sachin And when sachin made 200 in an o.d.i then they asigned pavelian but when sahwag hit 219 in an o.d.i then nthing was done Why??. Good workout till now.Thanks alot u,Sir There can never be another Sachin Tendulkar . He was is the BEST ever Is thrre any thing like this occasion in uk usa or elsewhere. No one can replace him Proud to be an indian. I miss you god of cricket He is living example of champion in the absence of malice. great player no one can take his place He is the only one legend in cricket
After decades of dreams, the idea of flying around on your own machine could soon be upon us, and the first adopters may well use them to save your life. Welcome to the jetpack era on BBC Future
India Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has inaugurated the country first ever stateowned bank for women in the western city for Mumbai. may we can get chance to see pa itioned india women . This made me laugh. What is the purpose of having women bank? I dont get it. Or is the government trying to win women votes?. Doordarshan had good repo on it Congratulations . 100 securites nedded in bank loction. . Great news This Women appeasing thing will destroy India one day Nothing More Just have good policy Making or we will lag behind SubSaharan Africa and all good and Intellectual Citizen would have Immigrated to the States Are men allowed to do banking here?. nice & congrats of ladies. its good step by pm Good job congratulations . bank for women inaugurated . congraluations. greatgoing. As per the census 2011 the female literacy rate in India is less than the male literacy rate and the number of incidents of domestic violence is higher among the lower SocioEconomic Classes. So it is good initiative taken by the GOI In kolkata Synicate bank also sta ed this activity begore so many years boss Foolishness.
As India launched mission to Mars recently, BBC Justin Rowlatt could not help noting some surprising similarities between the ingenuity of the country space scientists and its street children many of whom are creative smallscale entrepreneurs. Hats off to you BBC this has been one of the best icles Ive ever read from you. Most of them are racist and marginalising. But this is piece of written by very open minded writer. Well done BBC you have earned my praise in years. Shame on bbc U jealous of India as know it is cheapest mars mission it will help india to get billion of dollor from other country in this techonology. Still British people have racism in their blood shame on them. better write icles on your country because your life is not sufficient to understand the INDIA.Those two should be two different icles Nyc one. good work by ngo in delhi for street children. perhaps it should be in proper way . We need more writerrepo ers like Justin Rowlatt Sour grapes BBC. So you couldnt do it accept it you can do better than that if any one respect any country currend situation then surly whole country is also keep respect feeling for those one good news for indians the returning rate to home of nri is much fasterly growing and it is on the peak on last 34 years
What your idea of perfect meal? Sushi? A large piece of cake followed by hot chocolate? Even if it satisfies your appetite, it unlikely to fulfill all your nutritional needs Media has ever told these?? Nestle company itself assumes that they are in calf meat juice once it now.says Kalpana kitkat And the fact that religion is corrupt _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ The media has ever told these??? Fair and lovely company in Madras of the high cout when there was case The company itself was considered We cream grease oil in pigs is shaking _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ The media has ever told these???? In america our country these colgate company sells when the colgate writes warning When in the US and Europe is sold on the Colgate warning Warning is written. Write in English, I will tell you that the Hindi writes please keep out of the reach from the Colgate this childrenbelow years means six years and keep it away from small children and do it why? Because the child it licking and chemical in cancer, says that kids dont let these paste And In case of accidental ingestion, write please contact nearest poison control center immediately, If the baby has accidentally licked so quickly take to the doctor alone is dangerous, and the third thing he writes If you are an adult then take this paste on your brushin pea size mean that If you are in the adultages this paste on your brush to Pease And the amount of And you will see that we have that hype comes on television show in use around the brush. The paste sold in our country on the warning is not _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ The media has ever told these countries of Europe that drug name vicks in ban There were declared it poison in India all day on tv the ads comes _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ The media has ever told? Bath soap that is not life bouy toiletsoap These janvaro to the nahlane cabolicsoap Life in Europe is in India and the dog from bouy million people more are revealed by rub _______________________ media ne kbhii btaayaa ??????????? These toilet cleaner in true pepsi coke And it is proven this is like 21 different poison And then selling pepsi coke ban in Parliament kantin The whole country is sold in _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Told the media ever???? These healttonic sell foreign company boost, complan, horlic, seek delhi all india institute, protinx where India largest lab there were all these test And find out they just mugphalike is made from pomace After you remove the peanut oil which meant his survives in the animal waste is that village account Make these health tonic to him _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ The media has ever told?????? Amitabh Bachchan when the operation was found 10 hours The doctor has had his big antarctica turned out Pepsi drinking coke and told in doctor because of these rotten And the very next day amitabhbachchan has stopped adve ising and doesnt adve ise the cokepepsi hea Translated by Bing .
Is scramble to appropriate the legacy of one of India greatest icons clever political gambit or sorry commentary on its lack of great leaders? Find out more about the battle over the legacy of India Iron Man here mayawati built lot of statues in UP. she says it gave dignity to lakhs of starving dalits. our politicians wont stop making us fools and we people wont stop being made fools Dis hybrid version of Cong cant beat ideas of Namo.India should freed from Dis good for nothing cong. govt. Thousands of buildings, roads, po s, airpo , hospital, museum, statues, memorial in name of traitor nehru gandhi dynasty who broke india is not an issue but one statue and one museum in name of legend who united India is big issue Shame on Congress Worlds tallest statue. now maharashtra is going to build statue of sachin bigger than this. . dont interfaire in our politics. total waste of funds instead they cud hv made edu insttn, hospital,many more in things in this name for patel legacy We cant ignored the priceless work of sardar patel but by making statue we will also coming in way which choosen by other pa ies in histry if we collecting the money for welfare for poor and in need peoples and providing better platform which sta from quality education proper heath security then his train of life is also able to run with fast and good speed it is the best tributes to those leaders like sardar gandhi bhagat singh subhas chandra lala ji so first intend of us must be sta ed from quality in everything and also proper availabilty of each and every welfare programe. A man who discover and mapping new India Yes.Let us move ahead. instead of getting locked over the past. good icle some how they got it right now at least . Shat down but stechu made wah modi.
Ten years ago India was richer than China, but now the roles have reversed. To find out why India has lagged behind, Linda Yueh visited Dhoby Ghat often described as the world largest laundry. India is much richer than china interms of Democracy,Nature,People,Human Rights and more . Why do foreigners always find The idea of Incredible India in Ghats and slums I agree that also pa of society but media highlights it more . The main reason is that we dont think towards our country we think that will it gives us profit or not?. India is democratic country. Citizens are free to talk, move , work or not to work too . Our minimum wages must be higher than that of Chinese worker. We would prefer to be poor and live free than to be rich and live like prisoners in an open jail 1980 is not 10 years ago It 33 years ago . That is bec China had more pove than us, and only the poor are seering ahead She said 1980 , that was 30 years ago
Superhero jailed A man with the eyecatching name Batman bin Suparman has been jailed on theft and drugs charges. Well before this case, his doublebarrelled superhero name had given him something of cult following on social media. BBCTrending what combination. Rohit Bhattacharya dude were right P. think AAP or watever name got lots of spokes person on FB.
It easy to be misinterpreted when emailing with people at foreign companies, but not if you follow these rules
Belief in the Moon power over us is widespread, and the basis of the word lunacy. BBC Future examines whether science can shed any light on the ancient myth. Aweasome. The moon has an effect on water, and we are 70 water Weep, weep The full moon also with some persons and the new moon with other, has an unfavorable erect. theory of chronic disease by dr samuel hahnemann, father of homoeopathy 17551843 . homoeopaths uses the moon phases to understand there patients
Anita Rani meets some of India overweight teenagers who cant stop bingeing on Western fast foods and visits the clinics at the centre of booming industry in weight loss surgery. Watch this special episode on BBC World News channel at 8.40pm IST this evening. Weight loss surgery why for kids thisteach them right way to eat exercise. I dont understood it is mother or son ya wife or husband.
Millions of people swear by vitamin supplements. But many are wasting their time and some could even be harming themselves, argues Dr Chris van Tulleken. when nature has given so much like seasonal fruits & vegetables along with fresh air and clean water why to go for man made vitamins?.
Google internetenabled eyewear, Glass, is undoubtedly the star of nascent market in wearable computers. Airlines are already anticipating how it and computerised spectacles like it might someday improve security and other vital airpo operations.
Investigating the obesity epidemic engulfing India growing middle class, Anita Rani travels to Mumbai to meet some of India overweight teenagers. Catch it on BBC World News channel at 2.40pm IST today.
If spo fans were asked which was the first English football team to tour India, most people would guess Manchester United or Liverpool. So it comes as surprise that the honour fell to small, amateur league club called Crook Town from the No hern League back in 1976. There was time when Children were controlled for playing and some were icised for being kheladar now spo have earned high dignity and parents encourage their children to prove themselves in this field also. This is good lesson. FOLLOW YOUR CONSCIENCE . THIS IS THE GUIDANCE FROM THE GOD HIMSELF
Visit Lamborghini museum from home put fire alarm, and in that moment will be far away with this one
The end of the monsoon season has marked the beginning of the most anticipated pa of the year in India, the great wedding season. The BBC Shilpa Kannan repo on how couples are increasingly using the internet to plan their big days. very super.
In India, the popularity of tattoos has surged. The growth in interest has led to tattoo parlours springing up across the country to cater for the fresh demand. So what is driving this growth in demand for body ? Tattoos became popular in India only after the people in America and Europe sta describing and treating tattoos as an form body . Primarily, it is way of attracting attention the wackier, the murkier, even at times the inordinately stupid, the better it is again to attract attention
Cleopatra VII, the last pharaoh of Ancient Egypt, is history most famous queen and the most alluring. Even more than 2,000 years after her death, her persona continues to inspire books, plays, movies and museum shows. But who was the real Cleopatra? People love cleopatra pls any one tell the meanning of cleopatra. Egyptian civilization. ? nobody knows who was cleopatra.
In recent months, India has embarked on round of energy diplomacy with its neighbours it has just signed joint ventures to build power plants in both Sri Lanka and Bangladesh. It is also investing millions of dollars to generate electricity from the fastflowing rivers of the Himalayan nation of Bhutan. now brithish people will say dis is our aid given to india and they are investing in other countries. Shashank Saran Srivastava Renovating India . now it iz impossible 4dos british fellow. its is diplomacy of india,. british will never allow allow india to do so.
Legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar begins his last international game in the western Indian city of Mumbai today. Historian Ramachandra Guha explains what Tendulkar meant for India. my all wishes are with Sachin all the best Masterblaster . Giving blessing to next generation from the top. Bst wishes to you all the best . Ive got goosebumps legend about to hang up his boots . our INDIA thinks 2day other WORLD think 2morrow or later first time while watching cricket match am crying. best wishes to the legendary . he really made INDIA proud best wishes. For, as poet CP Surendran once remarked, whereas other batsmen walked out to bat alone, when Tendulkar came to the crease, whole nation, tatters and all, marched with him to the battle arena . Here were one billion hardpressed Indians , with just one hero well miss you master blaster. We always miss sachin
Legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar farewell series begins at the Eden Gardens in the eastern Indian city of Calcutta, when India play West Indies in the first game of twomatch series. The 40yearold former captain announced his decision to retire from all forms of cricket last month. BBC youre drunk. The test match in Kolkata is over long ago. Now comes the next match in mumbai totally wo hless this time we have many talented boys than sachin in circket. . Sooo SAD But all good things must come to an end End of LEGEND xx. Always saluting the GOD and later his FATHER Late Ramesh Tendulkar Hi is my criketing god the legend. Your time is limited, so dont waste it living someone else life. Dont be trapped by dogma which is living with the results of other people thinking. Dont let the noise of others opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most impo ant, have the courage to follow your hea and intuition. Steve Jobs. 40yearold man announced his decision to retire from all forms of cricket last month Legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar .
Police in no hern India have secured the site of an archaeological dig after hundreds of people gathered there amid repo it held buried treasure. Repo say Hindu seer dreamt that 1,000 tonnes of gold was buried under the ruins of the 19th Century fo . This news is like month old. Why BBC why? We need fresh stuff. Racism and sarcasm free This is the dumbest thing ever. ASI and the stupid dream of seer, which was probably hoax to coax money the dream of sheer is paper bullet and in unnao where this fo is situated the digging is in the finishing touch. now sheer say that gold come out from fo when gov make sure his terms limiits
Scientists say they have moved step closer to banishing bald spots and reversing receding hairlines after human hair was grown in the laboratory. Most wanted research. Good luck. D . It will ease the pain in the ass of lots of people Respected Most Honorable Sir, VERY VERY VERY MEDICAL EMERGENCY FOR DELIVERY SURGERY DATED ON 2O.11.2013 FOR SAVE LIVE Namaskar. I am writing this letter seeking life saving and emergency Medical Help for your good self. My wife is carrying Pregnant and she is going to deliver soon. She already had more surgeries. And now the question is whether she is going to deliver normally or with surgery? Doctors who are attending her advised that the chances of normal delivery is less and if it happens either mother or child will be alive and other has to meet the end. In this emergency circumstance, the surgery is going to take place on 20.11.2013. Basically I and my wife orphan .dont hav any other suppo in this situation. With so many difficulties, hurdles and task, now only myself and my family resumed to normal life. But the date of surgery is very sho , I find it very hard to spend huge sum of money. So, I hereby request your good self to be kind enough by perusing my position and my wife life which is hanging under emergency, kindly help me liberally by donating amount to the above said surgery. For this your divine help, I pray our almighty to shower his grace for good health and wealth of your whole family. Since the time is running very sho for the surgery, I Once again request your early help will save both mother and child. I enclosed here with doctor ce ificate. Thanking you Yours sincerely, S.NAZEER AHAMED, Mobile 91 9843786491.
India has the highest number of people living in conditions of slavery, according to new index ranking 162 countries. The repo says nearly 30 million people around the world are living as slaves, with India topping the list at 14 million. Sorry the governmnt is busy planing new scams . Ofcourse we do not see pictures of pove in usa as any repo er is too scared to go to ghetto which not only has pove but high crime and drug abuse Randomly throwing in some numbers. Slavery is banned by law in India. I understand poor people are exploited. needs to be careful with choice of words it is big blow but gov is indulge in its politcal tick tak I seriously doubt this correct and I question the method that was used in this study. To me, this is crap data This is news to us Indians that we have slaves in India, wonder where BBC gets its news from by showing some clothes hanging on clothes line drying in the sun and notice they are better looking clothes than what get in the salvation army stores. Please update ur journalist to have an interview with these clothes for all these must have been bought from the MNC stores we have in our shopping malls. I dont think that this figure is correct Suck dis survey. Slaves please define because these so called BBC slaves live by encroaching on open land, get water & electricity ay subsidised rates on our generosity. Next time do not show their clothes but their faces not surprised but we feel shame for it. yes it is This a mere concequence of caste community systm introduced by strategies of Brahmins in older India. . We were the richest historians and our heritage say it loudly. But sadly we were ditched and looted repeatedly by foreign agencies including Britishers. and currently by corrupt political system Wowww atlst toped on somethng. true but about 20 crore living as slaves in india wrong figure. one of the most enslaved community during hisstory. dis data is definately correct in most of indian houses we hv maids or servants hw many families treat dem in rightful manner??? recent example was set up by dat mp wife we live in state of ignorance is bliss . due to cast ism indian poor people endure the slavery. 60 years of congress is to blame single handily Where is the human right commission in india What is happening? Sorry to see india in this list. shameful nobody knows it?. The may be correct or not, but it is fact, that here there is slavery. This is the result of Maximum Rule of congress, which is filled with Scams
Is it coupe? A wagon? A mechanised urbangetaway appliance? Call it crossover, the wisdom goes, and be done with it. At their best, crossovers unshackle designers and engineers from the rigid segmentation that rules their profession. In practise, however, crossover has provided aesthetic cover for some very dubious product decisions. Wow asm . There is no roads in U.P for this creation. its awesome.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are in India on nineday tour of the country. On their first day, the royal couple offered prayers during sacred Hindu ceremony on the banks of the River Ganges. Catharina Moh repo Disclose the source of all your funds before you show yourselves to be Knights in shining Armour , its easy to throw muck at others . More like vota bank actions for the upcoming election I feel Has church failed to wash there sins,they felt necessary to pa icipate in an hindu ceremony.did they take bath wearing underwears in ganges?. Why is the priest giving them di look ?. Seems to be Bririshers coming back Propaganda here?? A separate political page is more than enough, why on news posts . dont know am hate camilia is that coz of do love diana?. I didnt even realise that they are already in India. Who cares anyway?.
Diwali known as the festival of lights is celebrated by millions of Hindus, Jains and Sikhs around the world. It celebrates the victory of good over evil, light over darkness and knowledge over ignorance. BBC News website readers have been emailing and tweeting us their pictures of Diwali like this one Its been week now. Dont you think ur posting it lil late?. was celebrated and they make noise and noise and noise let alone air pollution and they are proud of it. Hooo,BBC is late.
The comic world is full of strong, dynamic female superheroes. But very few have made it onto the cinema screen. Why wont cinema embrace female superheroes? Dont worry Wonder Woman hits cinemas very soon .
Is this what well eat in the future? Wait minute let me click on the link to find out Goodness, it looks like something he spat out . What? I still dont know What is this. what is this.
Research by British scientist has concluded that the legendary Himalayan yeti may in fact be subspecies of brown bear. DNA tests on hair samples carried out by Oxford University genetics professor Bryan Sykes found that they matched those from an ancient polar bear. what to do by by knowing what they look like blah blah let them live in peace wherever they are . So that makes it Bolar Bear ?. cool.
Many pa of the world are without internet coverage. Now search giant Google plans to bring web connections via fleet of highflying balloons. Google is the vision of our time. It is an achievement of our time and the generations to come . News up. .
Would you go on national television to look for potential spouse? Well, lot of people in India are doing just that. A newly launched Hindilanguage channel called Shagun TV is wholly dedicated to matchmaking and the weddings business. Where thousands of girls are killed in womb due to want of money for dowry, isnt it the time when marriage was made plain and simple affair tat urge among our folks to show their face on TV, whatever be the reason. Everything turns to melodrama In country with 1.25 billion people, you can run any kind of business India has 20 of world population
Sure, it expensive, but you really want it. Cant decide whether to spend the money? BBC Capital can help
BBC Sanjoy Majumder asked people on the streets of Delhi what they thought of India Mission to Mars hope for the best What to Ask We are celebrating want to know what is it. India are missions cost around 450cr.but Indian people spend on Diwali day Rs 5500cr just for fire crackers go and all the best dudes.
Highperformance Italian spo cars have been the inspiration for Australia latest solarpowered racing vehicle. With carbon fibre shell, the racer, dubbed eVe, is prototype propelled by foursquare metres of silicon solar panels, which cover its roof and hood. Meet eVe, the sun racer from down under marvelous invention but it might works only in sunlight if so thn its major prob I guess Vry nicee bt in night & in rainy season????. Such type of vehicles really required now these days. It Amazing. show complete car. Good attempt
India has successfully launched spacecraft to Mars with the aim of becoming the fou space agency to reach the planet. The BBC Sanjoy Majumder watched the launch and said there was tremendous sense of excitement as the mission began. Check out the video from inside India Mars mission HQ here cong to Indian Scientist proud to be an INDIAN . Hord working of ISRO Well done india. Cong 2 Scientist.
Humayun Tomb, 16thCentury mausoleum in the Indian capital, Delhi, reopened recently after six years of restoration work. Built in 1565, nine years after the death of Mughal emperor Humayun, the mausoleum was designed by Persian architect Mirak Mirza Ghiyas. But not built in between 1747 to 1947. uuuuuuuuufffffffffff. Is any Hindu temple is on the card or on Plan for renovation modification restoration , which were are destroyed by Mughal Mad Emperors. Is there any Answer, if there is one pl show mercy in answering indian government is very keen to keep the invader tomb intact. Jo bhi hai Bharat ka itihas ka dharohar hai.Hence,protection this tomb is not only national but also international historical tings. Wow . Such beautiful mausoleum
The Mars Orbiter Mission is due to reach its destination in September 2014 and will orbit the Red Planet looking for signs that it could suppo life. Watch the launch here like this.it educational.
India launch of small unmanned satellite to Mars is being described as giant leap for its space programme. Science writer Pallava Bagla writes on what the mission means for India and the world. ISROcks . carry on india BBC is the one unbiased, impa ial news channel wonderful launch. thanx to all our scientists who made us all proud To spend so much money in race to prove yourself is immature. We always knew Indians were sma , now show your sma ness in bringing down inflation
We all love to moan about our nightmare travel journeys. But the story of one disgruntled traveller has had more than two million views after he posted complaint letter online. The man is from India, and in his letter he suggests that he and other Indian passengers were treated poorly by airline staff in France, in pa on account of their nationality. Air France strongly denies this and disputes many of the claims made in the letter. BBCtrending repo on why the story has hit such nerve air France is lying. This is expected of air france. Negligent. Unsympathetic. Rude. Careless It is normal practice by every nation except our INDIA
Media feel India has made historic leap into new space age with the successful launch of its first Mars probe mission. And it cost less then gareth bale transfer fees to madrid . Yes we are proud to be Indian. yes every indian feels proud of this great magnificient achievement. thanks BBC. Why not. yes we are proud to be Indian.
India has successfully launched spacecraft to the Red Planet with the aim of becoming the fou space agency to reach Mars. India always rockzz whether it is science or scams . congregulations to isro and indian scietist. wht milestone.very proud congrats to india and our india is great. INDIA IS GREAT. jy hind God bless. . Space cannot be of one country, it belongs to the whole worldea h. So different countrries involved in space research, should join together and work under the United Nation Organization cng india. Not only dat itz very economical measures which India only can. INDIA CAN watched live. wish it completes designated object successfully Grate work Congratulation Yes India can do it, for far less than the so called advanced tech countries . happy moment As like Chandrayan new things find indias mom. yes india great indian programer
Social media has lit up with ea hquake rumours after giant oarfish washed up on California beach the second such discovery in several days. The 4.3m 14ft dead snakelike fish was found in the city of Oceanside five days after another and larger specimen 5.5m had been found. Why are people throwing mc D burgers and KFC nuggets in the sea. Look what happened now surely luk like whale. could this be due to the melt down in japan. That longest fish I ever seen . Is it real if real than it will be new discavary
Selfies selfpo rait photos are hugely popular. But are there appropriate and inappropriate places to take these shots? And is taking selfie at funeral just step too far?
BBC Click Spencer Kelly takes look at prototype gesturecontrol system that uses ultrasound to respond to soundwaves created by hand movements.
Guards at prison in the Moldovan village of Pruncul have pounced on cat being used to traffick bags of cannabis, tied around its neck.
Is India becoming an inflation nation? For nearly four years, inflation has hounded India relentlessly, pushing up prices and corroding savings all bad news for Asia third largest economy. BBC Delhi correspondent Soutik Biswas looks at the reasons why and examines what economic expe believe is in store for India Indias mysticizm together with smell It is set back for Indians due to the scattered economic policy of our government Yes poor are getting poorer their only food of Onion & Indian bread Chapati both are on high price Fb shud add option of dislike so that ppl can express their disappointment on such news. Multibillion rupees scams perpetrated by the ministers with the help of bureaucracy led to discrepancy of cash in govt treasure.To fill in that empty treasure govt every now and then hike taxes,decrease subsidies on gasoline,fe ilizers.Hence causing inflation.The ruling political pa ies and visionless,corrupt politicians are responsible for the situation Due to Petroleum price, Hike in salary equating international standard as per OPEC norms
A couple of key points stand out while rifling through the information on the Aston Ma in V12 Vantage S. It the new Aston Ma in V12 Vantage S, and of key impo ance for TG is the fact that it more powerful than ever, and it louder. drive is my passion.
Weve all been there. When under extreme pressure, we suddenly find ourselves blu ing out whatever is on our mind. What the craziest thing youve ever said to your boss? I told my manager Firstly just keep this in mind that neverever dare to talk to me in high volume,always keep the pitch of your voice low. Second time told him Joh ukhaadna hai ukhaad lo means whatever can do you do let see. .
Tablets and sma phones have made touchscreens the norm for many exploring the internet and controlling devices. But could it work on really big screen the size of your TV? LJ Rich demonstrates some cutting edge technology in Singapore which could turn your big screen into touchscreen for just PS50. Yes, it might be feasible, but the more relevant question is WHY? Why would anyone want touch screen TV in the first place?. whats the cost in india. progressing science.
Orchha, tiny town in the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, takes you completely by surprise with its medieval ambience. This is place wrapped in legends of feudal chivalry and romance, one that packs more history into every square metre than many betterknown places, including Agra and Udaipur. BBC Travel takes you there It an awesome place. Hope this historical site is protected and preserved for future generations to marvel at We are not only always temple based country we have IISRO, MARC is awaiting to make CHRISTMAS with INDIA it is really incredible but the area vicinity is full of insecurity . Thanks BBC and there I was wondering whether it foreign location .Never underestimate our dear India. is it really in india MP. Beautifull Orcha M.P it is very holy place beautifull . Beautiful place I visited it 15 years ago No other tourist in sight. I believe it has been restored since
The world first bionic man has exhibited at the Air and Space museum in Washington, complete with working hea , lung and speech functions. technology overcme brahma. realy.
HAPPY DIWALI to all our fans Hope youre enjoying the celebrations and the festival of lights. Happy Diwali Guess you all should consider bringing your twin ente ainment channels back to Indian audiences. Thnks nd sme hre 2da BBC members Diwali is good festival but its changing shape is creting problem were not your fans, but thanks anyway. p. Nice photograph
Everybody It The Stig Digital Cousin
Bollywood is big in many countries in the world including in India traditional enemy, Pakistan. Lots of Indian TV shows and dramas are shown in Pakistan on Geo TV. And it hugely popular. But the station is coming under attack by users on Twitter, some of whom claim it promoting soft porn . BBCtrending investigates. 100 years of BOLLYWOOD,well done . hahahahaha pity the men in those countriies who beat off to this tosh.
Nokia has unveiled its first phablets extralarge phones as well as its first tablet computer. The Windows Phone handsets introduce the ability to change which objects in photo are in focus after it is taken. Launching new gadget but not solving old problems First. the 2nd point is one to look up. nice phone.
Kalai, like many other villages in Bangladesh, appears rural idyll at first sight. But several villagers here have reso ed to selling organs to pay back microcredit loans that were meant to lift them out of pove y. Journalist Sophie Cousins repo on an alarming consequence of the microfinance revolution. . Govt. Fail. Barbaric. What government doing?. God blesssed them. bangaladesh must have to control the population growth . Whatsoever the good intentions of the microfinance revolution, they have found way of exploiting the poor as well as their pove as vehicle of charging Shylock rates. You know the small print hoodwink. Old village sahukars money lenders were far more honest with clear terms. The poor have no financial or personal wherewithal to challenge and fight back as all laws in the country favour the corporates and the rich. And the corrupt . Cruelity of pove y. Thts really sad.
A policeman in the Indian city of Mumbai who became lost in crowded railway station as child has been reunited with his family after 24 years, thanks to distinctive tattoo. dear bollywood another film in the process from this episode yadon ki baarat Yes It lost as mumbai city really great. Mom and me and my family. Happy reunion Greatto be in family,God bless . May god bless thee. It hpns nly in India. Incridible. I don,t beleive. Anyway have good time. Incridible. I don,t beleive. There are very few times when GOD shows its presence We gets stunned We have to salute it So best of luck for future. congrats njoy ur life wid family think it looks like reborn to u. So the Bollywood movies Getting Real Day by Day . God wanted to this. ohhh great. wt its not rue.
Officials in India have begun an inquiry after at least 42 people died from drinking toxic alcohol in the no hern state of Uttar Pradesh. Police say the alcohol was spiked with chemicals which made it poisonous. Alcohol itself is poison why does the drinker get this. Bit plz also cster the news of your U.K. We love our India first, then everything 22 out of 42 died in the state of Uttar Pradesh
With companies as different as General Motors and Google investing in the technologies, selfoperated cars are speeding towards roadgoing reality. Who afraid of driverless cars? You can hack the brakes from inside the car within an application nice & wonderfull car.
An outbreak of dengue fever since February has killed more than 100 people, inundated hospitals with patients and triggered school closures. If want save urself only the way is Our Lord Jesus Christ nd bible It is said that the juice of one papaya leaf will cure dengue fever within one day. This needs to be seriously researched Chymopapin and papin enzymes in papaya leaf juice help revive platelet count.It arrests the destruction of the platelets that cause Dengue .Health Authorities should urgently look into it Government and People should make more effo to control this disease Thanks Shri Bhaskar Setty for suppo ing my suggestion. Being pharmacist yourself Sir. can you help. God bless Facebook for bringing like minded people together in service of humanity , IF the government is really playing di politics with the lives of the hapless people only God should save us And the governments of states affected the most have instructed the doctors and pathology labs to not to declare any patient dengue affected as this will bring embarassment for the governments as media will lead to criticism of the ruling pa ies for lack of their commitment towards taking action to curb this disease.Government hospitals are not even admitting patients suffering from dengue
The cleanup is continuing after Cyclone Phailin left trail of destruction through pa of India. Officials are assessing the damage and providing food to hundreds of thousands who spent the night in shelters. Sanjoy Majumder repo from the cyclone hit area of Orissa. God will help who in trouble Amen Oh my god thts really bad. god help the troble passers but gov assessing work is in doldrum
On this month World Book Club awardwinning IndianAmerican writer Jhumpa Lahiri, whose new novel The Lowland has just been sho listed for the British Man Booker Prize. Photo cou esy of Marco Delogu Love your books. Good news, maa se kadam aage congratulations . cong s. Were proud of you Ms Jhumpa Lahiri I must find time to read your new book The Lowland. Power full eye. Indian Woman getting British Man prize ?. Now that ia awesome.
You could be throwing away thousands of dollars year without even realizing it. How? Just take close look at your cupboard. If you consistently pass over generic store brand items for name brand ones, you are losing the oppo unity to save big. Snobs do waste lot. lgnorance is bliss but does it really matter so long as there is access to easy money flaunt your credit card and enjoy. tomorrow may not be the same.
Are Lady Gaga outfits cynical provocations or considered istic statements? BBC Culture Wardrobe Decoder mulls the meaning of Gaga getup. She talentless copy cat and total Madonna wanna be You just wasted post BBC India P. Cross the limits. Some People are Sick for Fame, Money, Popularity & Attention of others so they do all nonsense things on the name of A & Creativity Both
The Glasgow 2014 Queen Baton Relay has begun its journey around the Commonwealth. Adventurer Mark Beaumont is travelling with the baton, which contains the Queen handwritten message to the Commonwealth, as it visits all 70 competing nations and territories. He witnessed the celebrations upon its arrival in New Delhi on the first stop of the journey, and discovers why an ancient form of wrestling has been India key to Commonwealth Games success. Download Free Live Wallpaper for your Android sma phone and Celebrate Eco Friendly Diwali. with YOUR CITY Wish You A Very Happy Diwali. ECONATURE CLUB SURAT And Manmohani Harish Changes never happen itself we have to make the change Nd soon guys will see the truth behind Taj Mahal B.coz Modi will Be P.M nd we Hindu will ask him to open the closed doors of Taj Magal to help truth come out to this world. Immo al symbol of love , dedication and purity. love of symbol. cool. Whatever Mr Bhandhari Its India beautiful legacy Live with it . All Mughals were pigs. symbol of love. our pride thing. taj mahal ,,,the ultimate gift of love to his beloved,,,,,,,,,,.
The government of India eastern state of West Bengal has moved out of the historic Writers Buildings in the capital, Calcutta, so that the 236yearold building can receive muchneeded renovation. one is favriet city. wow the chenging is for chenge . Exillant new look .
Lewis Hamilton talks to BBC Spo Andrew Benson about this weekend race, and why he likes visiting India so much. India is wo a visit for month or two but for an Indian citizen whove to spend lifetime and have nowhere to go the country nightmare.Corruption in politics,criminalisation of politics,ca el of corrupt politicians and bureaucrats,divide and rule policy of so called secular political pa ies including those whove been in power for maximum period of time,human riots violation by the police,police acting as private bodyguards of those in power both in state and at centre,police creating stir and atmosphere of fear among common man for sake of politicians,uneven distribution of wealth,unemployment,pove are what India is all about thanks to the politicians
Morally reprehensible characters like Breaking Bad Walter White are all over our TV screens. But how did the antihero become such fixture?
Abdul Malik the teacher who swims to school. We hear from the maths teacher in the southern Indian state of Kerala, who has rather unusual commute to the school where he teaches. For twenty years Abdul Malik has been stripping off and swimming across the Kadalundi River because there isnt bridge for miles. But he never been late and never missed day teaching You can listen to the programme here He is eligible for Guru devo bava he should be an inspiration for every teacher . This is the real hero of our country 60 years of Congress Ho raha hain Bharat Nirmaan. But I Hate Mathematics I Cant Find X P. God bless sir but why dont make boat . thanks BBC . hats off to such teacher India needs more of him . Thats why Kerela is the most educated state of India because they have these Dedicated teacher and he is Muslim He had already set an example for this community to rise above all O hodox feelings and make India proud with their contribution Hats off to Sir Proud to be an Indian And I love Maths P P. hats off to sir We should share this story A proud Indian You make our country great . we respect you sir. Great . you proud of India Fantastic Hats off to YOU Sir and wat is our Govt.about it deaf ears am sure . Respect . In small pockets on our planet integrity lives . The real hero .
Pop star Rihanna was asked to leave famous Abu Dhabi mosque complex after posing outside the building for an unauthorised photo shoot. Such vulgar pictures of singer Rihanna in front of mosque. No wonder the pious people of Abu Dhabi threw her out. Like thoda look me chenge hota to badhiya rahta . Now she will never go bck 2india 4that jus sayin. wht shame those people are soo much conservative thts gd. Its time these Gulf States realize we are living in different times. Stop sermons on morality or else shut your sacred land from the world & let us see how you survive with just your Human resource & oil.
Apple has unveiled topoftherange tablet called the iPad Air that is 20 thinner than the previous version. The 9.7in 24.6cm computer is 7.5mm 0.3in thick and weighs 1lb 469g , which the firm claims is the lightest fullsized tablet on the market. $499. how much?. how much on Indian money? . How much price on indian rupees.
The chief engineer of the MV Seaman Guard Ohio, USowned ship, detained in India has attempted to take his own life while in jail. Police said others present in the cell prevented the engineer from taking his life. That cowardly. .think before you act man. Attempt of commit suicide by the Chief engineer of MV Seaman Guard Ohio conveys serious message to Indian intelligence agencies that some thing really fishy in the Intrusion by the said ship in Indian territorial waters more specifically when also seen near Kundankullam Nuclear Plant and carrying arms and ammunitions without licence and no disclosures about the same United States of America is friend,an ally,let the sailors go damn Mr.Minister concerned
Police in India say they have arrested the crew of USowned ship accused of illegally entering Indian waters with huge cache of weapons on board. Its old news and you are posting now . what is the opinion of american government on that?. Whoever enters Indian waters better follow Indian laws .nobody is too big. Near which place. USA po this place yes.
The upcoming launch of spacecraft to Mars by India is likely to stoke the fires of burgeoning Asian space race. The Indian Space Research Organisation ISRO is making its final preparations to send an orbiter to the Red Planet. now its are time to discover best of luck. India rocks. While in India Crores of people Indians are striving for one full square Meal, Onion, Fuels, and necessary things costs are being hiked every dayand is regular affair, these Scientist Morons are preparing for Mars. What shame? Let them Sent that Idiot Abdul Kalam who is behind such projects to that Red Planet, and let him not come back to India After 2020 india is the first rocking in these field love my india. much before India was leader in this field . it the time of INDIA. 5th november is the launch date to mars .
Exotic cars, those singular machines priced beyond the masses reach and built from surgicalgrade alloys, lightweight composites and fine leathers and which, more often than not, hail from Italy are global obsession. wah wht machine awesome I Love this car.
Exotic cars, those singular machines priced beyond the masses reach and built from surgicalgrade alloys, lightweight composites and fine leathers and which, more often than not, hail from Italy are global obsession. For WEALTHY My dream car got stuck at Malaysia what car lamborgini. may have some money immediatly then bought it . Glorious.
Managing an everincreasing collection of digital photos can be problematic. Properly tagging photos can make them easier to find and also make it harder for work to be stolen online. shows you how to make sure you never lose photo again
Motorists know that texting and talking with handheld mobile phones is risky behaviour, but what about texting, talking or even checking social media accounts via voiceactivated controls? Using specially configured skull cap, researchers measured brainwaves and eye movement in subjects who performed multiple tasks while driving.
Motorists know that texting and talking with handheld mobile phones is risky behaviour, but what about texting, talking or even checking social media accounts via voiceactivated controls? Using specially configured skull cap, researchers measured brainwaves and eye movement in subjects who performed multiple tasks while driving.
Lots of people dont bother to press the button at pedestrian crossings. Do they know something the rest of us dont? Does pressing the pedestrian crossing button actually do anything? cant political clowns just remain limited to ur own fb pages
Passwords are either too hard to remember or too easy to crack. Paul Rubens considers some of the technologies that could replace them including an edible, electronic capsule.Time to forget your online passwords? Is tht healthy. Very fine
Hindus and Muslims have been at loggerheads for more than century over the Babri mosque in Ayodhya in no hern India. A Hindu mob destroyed the 16th Century mosque on December 1992 nearly 2,000 people died in subsequent religious riots. Photographer Prashant Panjiar has been visiting the ancient pilgrim town since then, recording vignettes of life. Its absolutly wrong information, firstly dat mosq was build in 16th century by Babar after destroying the Lord Rama bi place nd temple. . Instead of blaming hindu first study nd anlysis history, dont misguide to people. . Good work by bbc. muslims are invader they destory hindu temples and build mosque then hindu take revenge. still feel shame and sorrow for destroying one of our country heritage and historical structure whether its mosque or temple yet its my my own country love my India.so still feel sorrow and shame Bbc is ok but bbc india dont. misled on Hindu one and only rama bi place please muslims are invaders still hindu allowed them and we are with them Would garden built on this site full of flowers for all to enjoy help,just thought dis conflict will never end because of Indian political policies . no its not janab bbc . think time before give single words.Tamil proverb not to blame the peoples beliefs and desire but think of the who are gng to be affctd bcz ths prblm .
This is what 600bhp wo of selfishness and celebration wrapped up in aluminium, carbon fibre and antiradar material looks like. Welcome everyone, to Lamborghini, and the new Egoista concept car. Wipe down the windows on your way in, please. love this car. wow its amzing. Superb car Man another wonderful creation Limited edition beast .
There an oftenquoted statistic that righthanded people live on average nine years longer than lefthanded people. But is there any truth in it? Left handed guys are mostly rightbrain oriented. They are more emotional, imaginative & creative They are, mostly emotionally imbalanced which cause the reduction of life span
Medical myth time True or false cranberry juice stops painful bladder infections and cystitis? itss truee. Its been considered in therapeutic in bladder ailments.
Can premium automotive brand sell more cars and enhance loyalty without actually putting shoppers in driver seat for test drive? Lexus aims to find out. super speed car.
Digitally doctoring an image has never been easier, but now technology is catching up with even the most audacious tricksters. You see in real when Indian Soldier get down from chopper to face terrorist in Mumbai Is it real picture ? Or photo shop trick ?. real fighter think its some Photoshop stuff be done how it is possible. hads off for the photography Irony. this is lucky day for soldier. Thts wow thats called false reality. Not so attractive Whale food.
Each week we publish gallery of readers pictures on set theme. This week it is urban life and we begin with this photograph by Sandor de Jasay of rush hour in Tokyo.
In Mexico City, brothers Iker and Guillermo Echeverria are about to build truly global supercar. The pair unveiled the windscreenless Vuhl 05 described as trackready but roadlegal lightweight supercar. what car. Cool car. Naturally the thinking was too positive for the future zeners
Inside one of the world biggest news organisations There are no private offices even meeting rooms are enclosed by glass. Repo ers, editors, market data specialists and executives all rub elbows at desks arranged like trading floor. This design helps them share information and ideas and fosters healthy competition . Productivity is must. Awessome like dream palace too workk.
A young couple who were planning to marry were brutally murdered in the Indian state of Haryana. Police are treating the case as an honour crime . The BBC Zubair Ahmed visited the village in Rohtak district where the incident took place. Happens only in India. ths is thr choice tht they wanna to live wd thr beloved live thm happily stop honour killing. That shamfull but stupid love this kind of word love is they reall know meaning of it they never go agains their parint have the not love parents. That,s not only happening in india but month ago one cruel person raped years old little girl. Tell me what is this. We must activate that huminty. Shame on those bloody ignorant people My God it is sad. What is happening in the World one of the largest democratic countries. How the people are so cruel ? May their soul rest in peace. Really this happens only in India. Why cant this be banned. Honour killing is above than our Constitution ?. ya it really cruled,in this world dont believe in relegion we human like human . Why?? Not humans Really horriffic. this incedent done only for corrupted indian politics change da thoughts and live loveable lyf Yes they both related to one goutra they brother nd sister they deserve the death. They are from same caste Then why shouldnt family make arrangements for marriage Hea breaking when is this horrific crime going to stop? . I hope very soon ppl wil grow up Nd incrse thr level Arst villagers Its cruel way to kil couple who luv each oth very much Its not fine way Incrse ur level villagers is this 21st century india. 91 honour killings are committed around the world by muslims.It not imposible for anyone to find these statastics on internet synonymous of love jihad in India by muslims. kya karoge ye india hai there any thing will be happen
In traffic jams, at the beach, or still at the office how are bank holidays marked around the world? As India economy continues to grow, lots of the youngsters around in the IT sector are working long hours, six days week. So they love bank holidays. How are you spending your bank holiday today? Interesting icle
Indian police arrested restaurant owner for drinking tea in suspicious manner , it seems. When SubInspector Jadhav asked what Vijav Patil was doing at tea stall in the town of Kolhapur one midmorning, he was unhappy with the explanation of cutting chai grabbing quick halfglass of tea. Wat abt terrorist naxals. Der killing human in large number But no arrest . Bullshit Indian police . Its happens only in INDIA It style manner him. Is drinking tea in drifferent way crime history .
When India was pa itioned in 1947, about 500,000 people died in communal rioting, mainly along the borders with Pakistan. But year later another massacre occurred in central India, which until now has remained clouded in secrecy. bbc has always loved to rake up these issues. why not repo innumerable british atrocities committed all over the world which remain deliberately unrepo ed all these years. bbc repo ing is very typical of british policies divide and rule. well, go on with your agenda. who there to stop you. put in some more graphic details from your side. might serve your purpose well British people & their local agents perpetuated Divide & Rule & faulty implementation of pa ition were responsible for all riots in India till date. SHAME ON BRITONS & BBC past is past Revelati0n of the repo will n0t do any good for dis country but will rather ignite communal tensions It is disgusting that such issues be brought up in such provoking manner Stop being so irresponsible. This is very sensitive issue and the way you have raised it clearly shows that you have no idea what journalism is. You are more interested in sensationalism, in this case provoking rather than simply supplying news Shame on you . Secularistic countries facing these problems 11,000 American patriots died on the British prison ship in the NY harbor during our Declaration of Independence King George came to take the guns, King Obama is gonna take the guns, we are no longer free people, Christians are the target, Mohammedans pouring into our country by the hundreds of thousands. Dual cultureism does not work BBC quotes repo according to which 27000 to 40000 people. BBC should now tell us how well the so called Razakars were armed and the number of Razakars who spread reign of terror in Hindu dominated areas slaughtering many hapless scared Hindus under the proactive blessings of bigoted Nizam of Hyderbad. Isnt it surprize that the BBC on which Indian educated people often depended for news and information has not mentioned about their presence in Hyderabad sultanate during that turbulent period? Barring exceptions, BBC and the British government have been proPakistan before and since 1947 and the pa ition of India was majorly to the advantage of India. Lord Mountbattenled British government India ensured all this with the willing pussillanimity of Jawaharlal Nehru. But for the determination of Sardar Patel, Hyderabad would have been turned into another Kashmir in no time and it was he who dared to reso to police action against well armed Razakars with number of them from the Pakistan army just as had earlier happened in Kashmir Will the BBC increase our knowledge as to the number of Hindus murdered and forcibly conve ed during the period of one year since India pa ition in Hyderabad?. Thanks fd.now well bi happynes. Riot is negetive characterof politics Politics are made by peoples votes If people choose such politician, They suffers riots dnt know the authenticity of matter but still we need care when publishing or doing research research should 4 goodwill of society it should not creat again same problem wht happened at that time timespacesituation is very matter for this issue
BMW M has unveiled new pictures of the BMW Concept M4 Coupe. The car was unveiled at the BMW opening media reception for the iconic annual Pebble BeachMonterey automobile weekend.
With the record industry facing changes and cut backs, BBC Culture looks behind the scenes to find out how this affects the role of the mysterious figure behind the mixing desk. Hi Shweta, thank you for your continued interest and suppo . Please do stay with us on this page and well be updating you on new ways to enjoy your favourite BBC content Can we please have BBC ente ainment back? . BBC very respect the India market because India is the commonwealth and English speaking country. most Indian can understanding and speak English. also, hopely BBC launching the new channel in India, the channel is BBC World News India. now, BBC not only the news but also BBC popular show including EastEnders, Doctor Who, Strictly Come Dancing and more aired in India Ten months are over since the channel stopped broadcasting. What you guys are upto?. How long we get reply Please do stay with ?????????????????????????.
If travel, like life, is journey, not destination, then as many as one in three travellers are in for bumpy ride. That because psychologists estimate between one in three and one in five people suffer from aerophobia, or fear of flying. In addition to dialoguing with yourself in journal and writing prayer for each step of the journey, distraction is recommended especially in the form of trashy magazines as tactic for alleviating flight anxiety.
Police in the laidback Indian state of Goa are being trained in streetfighting moves used in blockbuster films such as James Bond Skyfall. In India almost half of the legislatures are with criminal backgrounds i.e more than one or several cases of various types,heinous criminal cases are also registered against some.Since criminals are the lawmakers,supreme authority in democracy,no one dare to stop them,corruption is at its all time high,politicians have looted every sector,every resource of the country,multibillion dollar scams one after another with ministers of ruling pa being accused are everyday affair and when common tax payer,citizen tries to raise his voice against this corruptcriminal politicians driven system he beaten up roughly,massacared,encountered,detained illegaly by this same Indian police police throughout the country acts as muscleman to politicians,police in India is only to protect politicians from public,corrupt is Indian police,puppet in the hands of corrupt politicians
Inspired by mythic Greek warriors and powered by highrevving Honda engine, Australia featherweight spo car, the Spa an, has entered the production stage. Hi very nice car. I Love Your and I will keep you in my hea do have the same car. Looks like two ladies in burkas about to go on joyride.
Indian spiritual leader Swami Ramdev, 47, also known as Baba Ramdev, holds the YogArena which is free mass yoga event for up to 1,500 people at Glasgow Emirates Arena. Ayurveda originated from India,with advent of modern medicine it became extinct until decade ago when emerged Yog Guru named Baba Ramdev into the scene,he is not only an extraordinary yog teacher mastering every posture and position of this but also an owner of multimillion dollar empire back in India comprising brands ranging from Ayurvedic medicines to bathing soaps,shampoos,sugar free juices,energy drinks,yog magazines and books.Every Yog Fair Baba organises back home normally gathers crowd of 100 thousand people.He is household name to every India with fan following of billions.Baba Ramdev is no ordinary Godman,he now have sta ed revolution against corruption in India somewhat largest anticorruption movement both in sense of masses and coverage our country so far has witnessed.All in all Baba Ramdev is Spiritual leader,an entrpreneur,a revolutionary he is simply jog guru why he is showwing aii these things think he wanted to distroy his asrm like asaram. Hi Good Morning. I promise Ok I will be able to get vacation in Darjeeling next year Ok . Dont. Do that work That cant do. Proud to be an indian The Yogi Glaswegi . everybody is angry bt few is acting
The new head of the Reserve Bank of India has been in the job for just couple of weeks, but already Raghuram Rajan looks have been talked about as much as his economic ideology. He been hailed in the press as some kind of goodlooking guru, monetary James Bond who put the sex back into the Sensex, India stock market. wish, our politicians were also sma , energetic, dedicated, knowledgeable like him . All the best sir we happy. Scam not scan. Mismanagement by Fraud political criminals having huge power to earn money without 1paise investment.INR WEAK BECAUSE 2G,COALGATE other small scans money outflow crude blend blocked by govt for money getting from pharma,liquor mafias. Brilliant . In his own words He is here to run the bank, not to get Facebook Likes . Lets refrain from glamorizing responsible position putting back sex into sensex awesome one We wish good chances to prove his effeciency as economist and head of RBI. our politicians and goverenment should allowed to work freely . All the Best in future Raghuram Rajan It that proper widespread view on the economy that helps him. There is nothing as for now has changed cause of the policies brought by him, though. What showing in the sensex and forex is something of good rush of well thoughts due to arrival of new Governor
The BBCDI Digital Indians final Google Hangout session is happening now. Watch the Hangout live on our BBC India Google Plus and YouTube pages
Digital Indians The final BBCDI Hangout is today Wednesday, Sept 25, at 20 15 IST. Meet the Innovators Ben Gomes of Google, Mariam Mathew of Manorama Online, Raju Narisetti of News Corp, Rikin Gandhi of Digital Green, Ruchi Sanghvi of DropBox, and Sanjeev Bikchandani of Naukri.com. Join the conversation at
Who are the Digital Indians you think are shaping India future? Do you have question for one of our BBCDI expe s? Send us your questions and comments here
Mobile handset maker Nokia is bought by Microsoft, Google announces that KitKat will be the official name of the latest version of its Android operating system and wristband which could replace your ID cards, house keys or passwords by measuring the rhythm of your pulse has been announced by technology company Bionym. BBC Click Spencer Kelly looks at these and other tech news stories. take the$e and give me some of them. Always one KITKAT in pocket, so nice of you God blessed to microsoft to do some innovative with the new version of its Android suppo ing cellphone and wish you all the best to nokia Wonder what Microsoft would brand their cell phone division The Future o.
BBCDI follows the rise and rise of Facebook first female coder. Check out Ruchi Sanghvi selfengineered success here Digital Indians The final Hangout is today, Sept 25 at 2015 IST with Ruchi Sanghvi and with other digital Indian innovators Ben Gomes of Google, Mariam Mathew of Manorama Online, Raju Narisetti of News Corp, Rikin Gandhi of Digital Green, and Sanjeev Bikchandani of Naukri.com thanks to ruchi
A product of the British Empire, with mixture of Western and Indian names, customs and complexions, several thousand AngloIndians live in the eastern Indian city of Calcutta. Here, an AngloIndian bride and her family arrive at church for her marriage. Can we see secular country Hi very nice to see your photo Thank . Dont know when this photo was taken.Presently,not thousands but few hundred AngloIndians are left in Calcutta.In our younger days,members of this hard working,efficient but much maligned community, could be seen in offices & Railways in large numbers
Humantohuman mind control has, until now, been concept in science fiction and fantasy. University of Washington researchers Rajesh Rao and Andrea Stocco have recently completed documented humantohuman mind control experiment. OK . wo reading the icle good job researchers . goood thing .
Airbus recently unveiled its predictions for the aviation industry in 2050 quick look and youd be forgiven for thinking that Star Trek was to become reality. Aircraft glide in formation, reducing drag and saving on fuel. On board, private cabins mingle with vi ual reality rooms that can switch from golf simulators to meeting spaces to bars at the flick of switch.
The last surviving creatures on Ea will be tiny organisms living deep underground, according to scientists. ya they are the only living cells which adapted as quickly it very interesting want to know more. Interesting?.
Check out our weekly gallery of readers pictures on set theme. This week it is holidays and we begin with this photograph by Sandeep Kumar Chulupunur. .
On the eve of the 2013 Frankfu motor show, Nissan released brief teaser video and photo stills of what may be the most compelling new product headed to the German financial capital. The Nismo Watch Concept draws its name from Nissan inhouse tuning division HOW IT WORKS?.
Over the past fo night weve been watching the BBCDI hashtag and following your comments. Many of you have expressed an interest in knowing more about the Internet and democracy, political use of social media, and internet censorship in India. In order to help answer these questions, we got in touch with Milind Murli Deora, IT and Communication Minister. The Q and A session with Mr Deora on Twitter will take place at 17 00 India time today. To take pa follow us on Twitter and BBCDI. If you have question for Mr Deora you can tweet or go here India di democracy Those who rule India dont even have the basic level of intelligence to keep the environment clean. They have not even placed nolittering signs on the streets
Media in India are discussing the shocking tweets that followed the crowning of IndianAmerican Nina Davuluri as Miss America on Sunday and also shine spotlight on PM Manmohan Singh visit to the riothit Muzaffarnagar town. ?. what. Bless you. I have seen many people making money from facebook, they are turning their facebook profilegroupspages in to Money. So Do You want to earn money from Facebook, for info Visit my profile and page who is this. indian beauty rocks yom. We Proud of You Nina O beauty, find thyself in thy character, not in the flattery of thy mirror R.Tagore The beauty of the world is in its diversity. Beauty pageants should be banned
When Nandan Nilekani began working on providing unique identification number to half of India billionplus people four years ago, he ran into wall of problems. Check out his story here BBCDI Congress and UPA are using this person for fu her looting this country Adhar is still problem. Which he could not solve I have seen many people making money from facebook, they are turning their facebook profilegroupspages in to Money. So Do You want to earn money from Facebook, for info Visit my profile and page great man with great vision and doing great work for the society.
Does Apple risk losing market dominance when it cuts the price of iPhones? Is it the end of Apple as we know it? 2014 R.I.P APPLE.
The ancient origins of the Starbucks logo I have seen many people making money from facebook, they are turning their facebook profilegroupspages in to Money. So Do You want to earn money from Facebook, for info Visit my profile and page
The pill that texts the doctor from inside your body it should be done.
From his school days, Sanjeev Bikhchandani was clear that he would not want job. Which is ironic, for man responsible for helping more than million Indians find jobs. Now he is India most successful digital entrepreneur, running the country top job site, which has inspired the way other sites work. BBCDI founder of Naukri.com.
There are over 750,000 British people of Indian and Pakistani origin living in England. Photographer Kajal Nisha Patel has been documenting their lives. Thanks BBC Thanks Patel. I love my india. wow this is its time to rule britan dont combine india with pakistan.survey only india seperately every where . BBC would request you to do an icle on Indian police more specifically on Delhi police and gurgaon police . Totally ineffective police force try it out.
Games have long been accused of making players violent, but evidence has been building over the years that they can have positive effects. Scientists say they are not only understanding why, but they also trying to put these observations to the test. Ya its true games sharpen our mind
Bangalore Electronics city campus is home to millions of engineers, as Shilpa Kannan repo s. The poster child of India globalisation, Bangalore is where the country IT industry began its dramatic success story. Once known for its lush farmlands, it now home to some of the best international and domestic technology companies which are creating millions of jobs for young Indian engineers from all across the country. BBCDI Silicon valley situated hea of call garden city obviously better news in mrng . Great . BBC would request you to do an icle on Indian police more specifically on Delhi police and gurgaon police . Totally ineffective police force try it out.
A naturally occurring substance found in human skin could yield viable alternative to existing mosquito repellent, scientists say. They say the chemical could help render people invisible to the insects. Awesome discovery. Larwa is being injected my this mosquito and is cause malaria.
There good reason to be in Mumbai this month Ganeshotsav is the energetic 10day celebration of the bi of the elephantheaded Hindu god of wisdom, Ganesha. No other city in India celebrates Ganeshotsav like Mumbai does, and people travel from all over the country to take pa . Let hope that Ganapati Bappa brings in bigger hope, the new PM & team sooner rather than the one ubmissive to the Saasdamaddaughterson clan & their billionaire peons in marLok Sabha . BBC would request you to do an icle on Indian police more specifically on Delhi police and gurgaon police . Totally ineffective police force try it out.
Oregon Zoo has captured the moment lioness gave bi to her first litter on Saturday, using surveillance camera. Each cub weighs about 1.4 g, and will open their eyes in one to two weeks, while the gender should be determined within few days. this is the Almighty of God .
A keyboard that is as slim as piece of paper has been described as the world thinnest by the product designers who have been showing it off at the IFA 2013 tech fair in Berlin. The BBC Technology correspondent Rory CellanJones tested the device, which is mere 0.5mm thick, and spoke to CSR Paul Williamson about other applications for the technology. Best news hedlinas . wright time. really?. Unique thing with common tool. It great and first thing it typed K. news india.
Renowned Indian conductor Zubin Mehta has conducted conce by the Bavarian State Orchestra in Indianadministered Kashmir. Zubin Mehta said he had waited for this moment for all his life and hoped to spread the message of peace . But separatists protested, saying the conce was an attempt to legitimise Delhi rule in the disputed region. thanks. BBC would request you to do an icle on Indian police more specifically on Delhi police and gurgaon police . Totally ineffective police force try it out.
For someone who has become an authority on how to make the most of the ground, Rikin Gandhi spent lot of his youth looking up at the stars. He gave up his dreams of being an astronaut, and moved to India to help farmerswith digital video. BBCDI Nice move, if Boosts the farmers our nation will produce lot of things, we can reduce our impo and expo more,,Former are food giving Gods,,.
The ten day festival to celebrate the bi of the Hindu god Ganesh has begun with parades through the streets of Mumbai. Many hope the elephant headed deity will smile on them at time of economic downturn. Ha gnesh g. its not bi of lord ganesh . its his visit to mother ea h.
What does wealthy entrepreneur who creating the digital ID of billion people have in common with someone making videos in farms? And what does young woman who created key features at the world top socialnetworking company have in common with man who helping three million people find jobs or with someone who busy refining 100 billion searches every month? BBCDI They all have roots in India and theyre pioneering digital innovation in India and across the world. proud of them as indians.
The first day after the holidays is one of the grimmest in the working year. Youve swapped the beaches and blue skies for view of commuter armpit and the sound of someone droning, droning, droning into mobile phone. Here are some of the worst things about postholiday depression.
What do you do if you get more than three billion queries day? If you are Ben Gomes, Google Tanzaniaborn, Indiabred, USeducated vicepresident of search, you are responsible for helping to answer all of them in the sho est time possible, on all devices desktops, tablets, phones. And now, in the spoken word too. BBCDI Kudos Hatss off man . Quiet tuff job I guess .
How much data is stored in everything from your phone to sperm? Our infographic compares the information sources around and inside us.
It was an eminent centre of learning long before Oxford, Cambridge and Europe oldest university Bologna were founded. Nalanda University in no hern India drew scholars from all over Asia, surviving for hundreds of years before being destroyed by invaders in 1193. The idea of Nalanda as an international centre of learning is being revived by group of statesmen and scholars led by the Nobel prize winning economist, Ama ya Sen. like the sun rise. WISDOM came from the east. Remains of Nalanda university destroyed by Bakhtiyar Khilji barbarian invader
Is is possible to create radically different society? One where material possessions are unnecessary, where buildings are created in factories, where mundane jobs are automated? Would you want to live in city where the main aim of daily life is to improve personal knowledge or enjoy hobbies? It Must credit to it planner. Why not?. sir out standing. Is it computergraphy. somewhat similar to the way people live in of living foundation great . really amazing. I ll be big imbalance in the society as we are fickle minded. Would to be there. wow, what place. . I would love too B .
The magnificent fo ified ghost city of Fatehpur Sikri is located just 40km west of Agra Taj Mahal. Everincreasing numbers of travellers come to India to experience the unique blend of headiness that the subcontinent so effo lessly brews, and the Golden Triangle route between Delhi, Agra and Jaipur in no hern India has, for many years, been classic introduction to the country.
Apple announced new automotive integration on its fo hcoming iOS software. The new feature, called iOS in the Car, will bring phone calls, iMessages, music and Apple Maps to vehicle indash display. A number of automakers among them Honda, MercedesBenz, Nissan, Jaguar and yes, Ferrari would integrate iOS in 2014. what technology what technology.
Bees in the Apidae family include the familiar honey bees and bumblebees, as well as the less wellknown stingless and carpenter bees. This family includes some of the most highly socially organised insects on the planet outside the ant and termite species.
Lotus has launched new bike division, announcing its first foray into two wheels. It superbike with the, erm, evocative moniker C01.
Mustang, the former Kingdom of Lo in no hern Nepal, is home to one of the world great archaeological mysteries. In this dusty, windsavaged place, hidden within the Himalayas and cleaved by the Kali Gandaki River, are approximately 10,000 humanbuilt caves. Discover the ancient mysteries of Mustang caves here Intresting. Mustang whoa got to check from where did Ford name their car Mustang. interesting.
Why we have to turn electronic devices off on planes? Mobile phones and other gadgets could interfere with sensitive electronic systems, some theories suggest. So why is it still so difficult to prove the truth behind the claims?
Why we have to turn electronic devices off on planes? Mobile phones and other gadgets could interfere with sensitive electronic systems, some theories suggest. So why is it still so difficult to prove the truth behind the claims?
How does the Indian social media sphere compare to the rest of the world? Do you think India youth could drive social media revolution in the country? The BBC Digital India project team invites you to join panel of expe on our BBCDI Google Hangout happening NOW. Dont miss it Here how you can take pa
Can social media drive change in India? The first BBCDI Google Hangout is happening in hour at 20 00 IST. Here how you can pa icipate
What does social media mean to you here in India? Is it just another communication tool or something considerably more than that? Do you think it could drive change in coming years? Join us in our Google Hangout to discuss the social media landscape in India. The BBC Digital India project team invites you to join panel of expe today, Thursday September at 20 00 IST. Here how you can take pa Join the conversation at our hashtag BBCDI across social media platforms.
TAKE PA IN OUR DIGITAL INDIA SERIES Our special series will tell you stories of successful technological innovators and explore their distinct connections with India. We want to hear from you too. Tell us about any web entrepreneurs, engineers, bloggers and other digital expe that you may be following on regular basis. Tell us who they are and well invite some of your recommendations to our fo hcoming hangouts taking place and also use your suggestions to curate digital Indians Twitter and Facebook list and Google Plus Circle wo following. Lastly, but by no means least BBCDI is our hashtag across social media platforms. It where youll be able to stay uptodate in real time and, of course, join the conversation. Look forward to seeing you there
India and the country attitude towards women have been in the spotlight for some months, following series of violent assaults. But far from seeing themselves as potential victims, some Indian women are breaking into industries usually dominated by men. As pa of its series on India Trailblazers, BBC News spoke to one woman, Priya Sachan, who works as train driver.
Yes, the original MercedesBenz 300SL coupe was the first of the great postwar supercars. 60 years after its introduction it remains technologically advanced, its greatness rooted in unimpeachable racing success. But what everyone remembers about it are those tophinged gullwing doors. The sheer drama produced by these doors have kept the car legend at the forefront of the collective automotive consciousness. my dream car, and must.
Leading British journalist Ian Jack has repo ed on India extensively. A collection of his essays on his travels in the country has been published recently. Author Amitava Kumar explains why Jack is rare writer, chronicling India neglected, small towns. It happens only in India
Welcome to the Digital Indians season. BBCDI Over the course of the next month well share the stories of five digital innovators who they are, what they do and what made them successful. Well be talking social media and innovation in Google Hangouts in few days. In addition, curating Twitter, Facebook lists and Google Plus circles of the digital Indians you think are wo following. You can learn more here
Media in India see political motives behind hardline Hindu group fresh bid to construct temple on disputed religious site in the no hern state of Uttar Pradesh. it is our land hindu . we want to made ram temple.no excuse here
Chemists have determined new way to halve the fat of chocolate while maintaining its typical mouthfeel , using any liquid even alcohol. Lowfat preparations of chocolate are well known, but their textures tend not to match the real thing.
Thousands of widows have been making their way to one pa icular town in the no of India. Cast out by their families, or simply alone in the world, some travel hundreds of miles to get there, and nobody quite knows why. unity without material substantive headway. two placesvrindaban and varanasi. Because India has been Independent for 66 years It cannot look after its citizenspa icularly women Very poor show indeed Was better off with the colonoial masters
Video Camaro toy transforms ITSELF
Insects are regularly eaten by as much as 80 of the worlds population, but even the very thought of it seems shocking to most peoplee. But as the global population continues to grow, there is growing move towards eating insects as staple pa of our diet. Researchers in the Netherlands are looking at ways to persuade people to get their protein from bugs instead.
With its extremes and contradictions, its jumble of old and new and its blend of cultures, languages and religions, Delhi is microcosm of India. And as the seat of the country massive and infamously bureaucratic government and the key commercial and financial centre of the country no hern half, Delhi is an increasingly frequent destination for globetrotters. Central park in cp.
Researchers from the Korean Advanced Institute of Science and Technology have developed an electric car which can fold up and park in tight spaces
BBC Autos checks out some of TopGear worst cars in the world One of the worst cars in the world is nice? p.
For tea drinkers, it doesnt come much better than cup of handpicked Darjeeling India best known tea grown in the mountains of West Bengal. But now, local residents are demanding the area become new separate state called Gorkhaland.
Bollywood big cinema recent release, the spy thriller Madras Cafe, has caused controversy in India with Tamil groups demanding ban. Geeta Pandey in Delhi meets the film director and lead actors to find out what the row is all about. politics should not interfere into any form of .
NFC nearfield communication was meant to be the next big thing. But, allowing payments or communication without touch being necessary has proved difficult market to crack. Spencer Kelly repo on how one company is hoping placing NFC technology in jewellery will make people more likely to invest in the technology itself, testing ring that can unlock everything from phone to front door.
Dhamara Ghat, small village in the no hern Indian state of Bihar, is where 28 people were killed after being hit by an express train while crossing the tracks on Monday. BBC Hindi Nitin Srivastava visited the scene of the accident They should stop crossing the track So nice tragedy they are self responsible for it
A 10day festival celebrating the British curry opened last Friday in India. Six chefs from across Britain have travelled to Calcutta to show the Indians how curries are cooked in the UK. Among others, British favourites like chicken tikka masala and broccoli Balti are on the menu.
Our cities of smooth stone and steel may become more like floating forests with buildings that can think and breathe and cool themselves, says architect Philip Beesley. Like this sma park with ve ical towers full of energycreating algae, set up in public land, is another idea from New York Terreform.
Along the IndiaBangladesh border, there are more than 100 pockets of Indian territory in Bangladesh and more than 50 Bangladeshi enclaves in India. These enclaves remain disputed and the lives of the people living there are in limbo. Most of the roughly 3,862km 2,400mile long border is fenced off as shown in the picture.
The fully functioning Lotus Esprit submarine piloted by James Bond in The Spy Who Loved Me has been consigned by RM Auctions for its coming sale in London this September. The car, which was nicknamed Wet Nellie on the set of the 1976 film, is based on 1977 Series I Esprit and, according to RM, cost $100,000 to conve to submarine duty.
The dream of cheap and friendly robot in every home hasnt yet taken off. Roboticist Keller Rinaudo solution is Romo powered by your sma phone.
In India, miles of concrete dominate the crowded urban landscape. But in the remote no hern region of Kashmir, the summer capital of Srinagar is dominated by Dal Lake, glistening hea that gives the city its slow and steady pulse. Here, life pace is set by the spadeshaped paddles of the colourfully painted shikaras canoelike boats rather than the chaotic movements of frenetic tuktuk drivers. It is conflict zone. between India Pakistan & China. Kashmiri are suffering causalities from every were especially from Indian forces Thr is no conflict on Kashmir, it has always been pa of India, Pakistan which separated from India in 1947 puts in claim on Kashmir for noreason India pride. Neighbour envy. . I dont understand why the govt of India let Queen Elizabeth keep the KohiNoor. The British stole the KohiNoor from India in 1850. Nobody in India has ever asked the British to return it to India
The idea of preserving person body at very low temperatures in the hope that it will be restored by future medical technology has been staple of science fiction. But could cryonics be genuine way of being brought back to life, years into the future?
BMW doesnt make an 8Series at the moment, but if it did, it might look something like this. This is the BMW Pininfarina Gran Lusso Coupe
British journalist and former BBC India correspondent Mark Tully explains why he is trying to obtain copy of his bi ce ificate from the municipal authorities in the eastern Indian city of Calcutta at the age of 78.
As the purchasing power of India middle classes grows, there is an increase in the number of foreign brands reaching the country shelves. So how are Indian brands coping with the new competition? India Business Repo puts that question to some of the country successful companies and products, in its strand, Made in India. Parle Products claims to make the world biggestselling biscuit by volume. Indians some how feel proud in using foreign brands, which in turn harms the Indian economy as its the reason for flight of foreign currency thus raising deficit , however Indians should use more of Swadeshi goods which would help in growing the nation
Many new cars can be turned on and off with tap of sma phone. Others can apply the brakes while driver is distracted, park themselves and maintain safe distances from surrounding vehicles. But with their increasing reliance on electronic controls, cars open themselves up to malicious manipulation.
Indian villages lit up by offgrid power
What is slum, and does the Queen exfootman live in one? Will you people all whites stop focusing on slums???? India isnt just land of slums and if it is lacking in things it because you people looted my country so much . thts fine Anyway, the British do not need worry about India pove y. It none of their business. The British are nothing but some aliens who came to India without invitation from those cold islands. Indians should ask Queen Elizabeth to return the KohiNoor to India. The KohiNoor belongs to India, not to England. Indians should not let the British keep India KohiNoor
Study abroad? Seems like nobrainer in today global economy. Indeed, colleges and universities have been selling the idea that term overseas is an unparalleled chance for students to learn crosscultural skills and pick up valuable credentials for the job market.
Underground fires have been burning in the small dusty coal town of Jharia in the eastern Indian state of Jharkhand for more than 80 years now. All effo to put out the fires have been in vain. Yep the way our politician have spent crores in cleaning GangaYamuna river the same effo must be going on here? Indian politicians lack will ALTHOUGH OLD BUT STILL RELEVANT thousands of people are still living in their abode with fire beneath the ground Nothing to worry about. People live on old volcanoes and volcanoes are never old as they might burst up when mood takes over with the deep down inner probings. Anyway, the whole planet ea is floating on water and we are not all swimmers
At the end of the rainy season, the hilltop Dhamma Giri meditation centre in the small Maharashtran town of Igatpuri glistens. Giant raindrops fall with loud taps on banana leaves, strange flowers with heady perfume bloom just for day and waterfalls drape down distant hills like strands of tinsel. Ajanta caves lovely exotic india. Ajantha caves pride of Indian architecture. hey it is ajantha caves no? ive gone there. beautiful very nic. Woow this and eternal . hello my beloved friend D gud night to you JI Dubey.
There is no doubt that shuteye is essential for humans. But how much do you need, what is it for and what happens if you dont get enough? if r working in computer constantly,it is necessary to know how to relax ur eyes
You may not have heard of Lucra, but you may have seen one of its spo scars. That is of course, if you were one of the many millions of people who watched Fast & Furious 6, where green and yellow LC470 was one of the star cars.
Media in India are expressing concern over the rising prices of vegetables, including onions, in several pa of the country. 70. Onion is 60 rupees Kilo here in Aizawl onion is more than100 rupeeskg. onion is more than100 rupeeskg kuch to come karo yar garib kay kare. Hot time. seems like mobile phones cheaper than onions in India High time Onions are considered one time meal for the ultra poor people, but during this congress Onion has touched sky high prices, thus snatching the one time of the poor, Now Corrupt congress talks abt Food Security bill which is paid frm tax payers money. SAD .
For months, our BBC Travel Voices column has been exploring destinations around the world through the people who call them home. But now we are calling on you to share photos of your favourite hometown haunts. Submit your photos and check back in few weeks to see them live on the site. This is your chance to take others by the hand and lead them around the place you consider home.
A farmer in the no hern Indian state of Haryana says he has sold buffalo for what is believed to be recordbreaking 2.5 million rupees $41,000 . Wish we could have at least look at the photograph of the precious buffalo how it is possiable. It might have swallowed gold coins. D.
After more than 200 years of British colonial rule, India won independence at midnight on 15 August 1947. To symbolise its freedom, saffron, white and emeraldgreen kites evoking the young country tricoloured flag are flown.
As India economy grows and new middle class emerges, the national waistline is swelling too. Anita Rani visits an oversize clothes store in Mumbai which caters for the expanding waistlines of this growing middle class. nd fastest growing economy on dis ea widin 20 yrs down de line indian middle class in size 600 million if government do rite decision widin 30 yrs down de line india wil over t.k. USA go india go . China cnnt bealive evn stunned c, india cn create world class company chinese leader fear dy, ven india wil act 2gthr . WHERE IS THIS STORE? THERE ARE MANY TAKERS IN OUR OFFICE. Nothing changed like said tailors did the job of this store until many of us got used to pay much more to so called style hyped by these brands
Alfredo Moser invention is lighting up the world. In 2002, the Brazilian mechanic had lightbulb moment and came up with way of illuminating his house during the day without electricity using nothing more than plastic bottles filled with water and tiny bit of bleach. It being used now in 15 countries around the world, including in India. And here we are, trying to conserve water . thats brilliant
The problem with tech to help deaf people ee sounds, and why Google Glass may be the answer. Google should invest more in Indian market. Created awesomely
More than 100 people have died after the buildings they were living in collapsed in India financial capital, Mumbai, between April and June this year. The BBC Kinjal Pandya investigates why hundreds of people are forced to live in these dangerous buildings.
Aabid Su is the creator of India most famous comicstrip hero Bahadur. But every Sunday, he can also be found fixing the leaking taps of Mumbai, as he tackles what he sees as the monumental waste of precious resource. Listen to Outlook to find out more
Wearable technology has come long way but how can it transform business? thts gd WEAR LESS TECHNOLOGY CAN CREATE WONDER WEARABLE TECHNOLOGY ALMOST LIKE ROBOT AND CAN DO WONDER IN ACHIEVING RESULTS IN SPEEDY ,PERFECT AND EFFICIENT MANNER .
Built by engineers coming from the former BMW and Sauber Petronas Formula team, its V10 engine produces 1,200 hp, intelligent allwheel drive and sophisticated aerodynamic prope ies the midengine racer sprints to 300 kmh in just 16.2 seconds and reaches top speed of more than 400 kmh. It goes from 0100 kmh in less than 2.5 seconds. 1200bhp 16.2sec 300km less than 2,5 sec. 0100 kmh that is something wow . Awesome wanna to in city soon. Zakkas Car but not for INDIAN roads. My god , Thats incredible. Beauty in beast Wow Factor But White???. The gorjious car. wats the name of this car ????????. eah its one of my car.
As children were told not to swallow gum, because it will lie in your stomach for seven years. BBC Future chews over the evidence to find out if this is true.
Could telepathy have been used to drive four men to suicide?
The swaying palms, white sands and warm waters of this Indian state justifiably draw plenty of visitors. Discover different side to Goan life on its less beaten paths.
At the 2013 edition of the Sustainable MotoExpo, an annual jamboree devoted to sustainable motorspo , transpo and mobility, aficionados of speed will encounter name synonymous with maximum velocity Bluebird. Wow very nice me apni gf ko to aesi car me bithana chahta hu??????????. Wiseman Danish will suit on you. awesome beautiful than girls. WHAT A LOOK BRITISH ENGINEERING AT ITS BEST.
Is time travel possible? The simple answer is yes. The more complex answer is it requires travelling close to the speed of light. And always going forward. Unless you find wormhole. 3.
Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan has been speaking about his latest film ahead of its worldwide release, saying it is extremely funny . The muchanticipated Chennai Express is an actioncomedy film, in which Khan stars as Rahul, man who finds love on road trip to Rameshwaram. He and his costar Deepika Padukone spoke to the BBC Asian Network Shabnam Mahmood about the film, cricket and the role of women in film. Very nice sharukh khan. Super fast going chenni express.
Scientists have grown rudimentary teeth out of the most unlikely of sources, human urine.
Details of Samsung sma watch plans have been revealed in series of unea hed patent and trademark filings.
The outcry over an Indian university ban on jeans and Tshi end the status like tis by girls 100 agree to it.
Laxmi is 23. In 2006 her face, ears, hands and chest were disfigured in an acid attack. She has been campaigning ever since to make acid harder to buy and she has won. India highest cou recently ruled that the state must regulate the sale of acid in an attempt to cut the incidence of acid attacks on women. You can hear her interview on today Outlook my respect is with her salute. Great You are the great hats off to laxmi Keep it up dear May God Bless you Do in human act selfish1 pray u ? god bless bst lck future brave gal luv . lady who saves many lifes. God bless dear. I am feeling so sorry u dear, I only pray god that no obstacle will come u life again,and r life goes smoothest. Donot worry Dear God will make happy just have some faith on him.he will do every thing all right u Keep Smiling Always be Happy and Be Brave God Bless U Dear. some people are very cruel .i cant imaging about them who have done such hatful act with this girl.i hate those people god always give her happyness and hale for them who are responsible for this be brave dear salute to u vry brave really . A brave woman literally in the sense of the term brave . Salute to her have really made great change it great honer for our country why it only women who get affected by acid attack ??.
The iconic blackandyellow Premier Padmini taxis have been feature of India financial capital, Mumbai, for more than four decades. However, government order that bans vehicles more than 20 years old from operating will now take these famous taxis off the roads. It is an end of an era, says resident of Mumbai. better move with the changing times preserve one of them in museum .
Real estate prices in Mumbai have remained high despite the economic slowdown, preventing many firsttime buyers from getting on the prope ladder. Prope prices have continued to soar pa ly because investors see bricks and mo ar as safe place to put their money, as Sameer Hashmi repo s. . Hi Any solution ? The basics are becoming beyond reach. Is this our New World ?.
One company wants to reinvent urban transpo ation by developing fully enclosed, twowheeled electric vehicle that puts less car and more people on the road.
A zoo filled with ificial animals draws many visitors in India Singrauli region on the border of the no hern states of Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. Photographer Tanvi Mishra has been chronicling the unusual exhibits.
Surjit Athwal and Sarbjit Kaur Athwal were married to two brothers. Fifteen years ago Surjit was murdered in socalled honour killing. Sarbjit pictured knew that their own motherinlaw had arranged the killing. She went on to be key witness in the trial that led to the 70yearold motherinlaw being jailed for life. Listen to Sarbjit story on Outlook on the BBC World Service
With so many travellers veering either to Gujarat no hern neighbour Rajasthan or Mumbai to the south, the templetopped mountains, rare wildlife and traditional handicrafts of India westernmost state are too often overlooked.
New page name and new look for our page Can you atleast do something for the doctor who 50th anniversary telecast. Please do telecast the Dr Who 50th anniversary telecast, we are already missing the latest season. .
This is the world toughest chauffeur. Pierre Dohrmann chauffeurs royalty pop, cinema and state in Cape Town, South Africa.
This month handprinted scarves made by women who have been rescued from the sex trade in West Bengal have gone on sale in London, New York and Hong Kong. The woman behind this deal is 73yearold Aloka Mitra. For most of her life Aloka has been rescuing women who have been sold into prostitution or domestic work. She founded the Women Interlink Foundation which provides them somewhere safe to live and teaches them skills to make living. You can hear Aloka story on the latest edition of Outlook on the BBC World Service I Truly Respect U MAM
Dear India fans, our page name will be officially changed to BBC India with effect from tomorrow, 1st August. We hope that youll stay with us on this page where well continue to provide you with the best of BBC programmes, products, news services and features. keep them updated with the propaganda and delete this comment regards An Informed Indian
An 18km 11mile railway line linking Qazigund to Banihal in Indianadministered Kashmir has been inaugurated by India Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. The new stretch has added to the 118km line that already runs through the valley, connecting Baramullah in the no with Qazigund in the south. Photographer Abid Bhat chronicles railway that aims to bring the disputed region of Kashmir closer to the rest of India. Awesome Now more people will be able to see the natural beauty of Kashmir. The pic itself looks so beautiful.Gr8 job . Cool pic something good happening in this country yaa its new sta Interesting . whar is contery.
Could we ever put humans on Mars? Watch and explore our interactive guide Thumbs up if The Waters of Mars of Doctor Who was the first thing that came to your mind nice coolection.
Many people might think of officebound life as modern phenomenon, but there long history of people chained to their desks. Find out how the office was invented
India Supreme Cou has lifted ban on dance bars in the western state of Maharasthra, paving the way for their reopening. In 2005, there were nearly 1,400 dance bars in the state, which employed more than 100,000 women known as bar girls or dancing girls . I MISS YOU GUYS . Miss you,from where Actually our politician are looking for indoor bala dance and only for themselves. what is wrong if these girls are dancing and earning their bread. If they have to do prostitution than who is going to stop them on road? Some of them can be protected atleast in the organized working. On roads result is horrible If one thinks that people visit such bars to enjoy and admire the drink serving etiquettes or dancing skills of the bar girls, they are living in land of the phantasmagoria. At least 75 of the odd 100,000 girls treat their performances within as the springboard for late night money making activities. The establishments employing them get their piece of the cake offering liquors at prohibitive rates which the visitors are willing to pa with night night out with the night beauties. Personally, I have nothing against as long as their fun lasts. After all, one has to pay for the company and as they there is also nothing like free drinks or dinner or night out. However, the Supreme Cou has done the right thing because suppression of one innocuous freedom sooner rather than later leads to fu her suppression of essential freedoms
Bangalore has worked hard to earn its nickname, Pub City. For years, the IT epicentre has been South India unofficial bar capital, bustling city of chic rooftops, holeinthewall bars, and dozens of venues in between. There are craft beers on tap, fullfledged wineries nearby and nightlife scene that could rival that of any major metropolis if only they could do something about the governmentimposed 11 30 pm curfew . Brigade road of my fav places in Bangalore Love and miss Bangalore. Brigade road, Church street, Koramangala I am so tired of this deadline when will our officials and politicians understand pulse of the people. Trying hard since long to raise voice in the city but to no avail .
Androgyny and feminine looks are all the rage on the men catwalks but will guys actually wear these clothes? Yes they will, predicts Maya Singer. Fashion means to express one imagination from pen & paper to fabric , but nowadays its fashion to be different , Whats next no one knows only the next ramp walk will tell Ninetyfive per cent fashion is showmanship by proxy. Those who adopt ape fashions quick fast or on the sly do so to attract attention not pa icularly because it suit their persona. Most fashion conscious people seem to be misfits within the confines of the fashions they imbibe
Lovely tale of true romantic Villager builds Taj Mahal for his wife IF YOU CANT FLY, RUN IF YOU CANT RUN, WALK IF YOU CANT WALK, CRAWL BUT HOWEVER KEEP MOVING TOWARDS YOUR GOAL dream . Pale version of the classic. Memory how much respect urs wife luv her SYMBOL F LUV SOUL MATE . Mr Quadri will conve the town of Bulandshahr into tourist site, whether he likes it or not Smashing story
Wearing baggy jeans leaves worshippers prayers incomplete , religious authorities in Kashmir are said to have warned. punish them on the spot.
VIDEO Meet the Karachi children who hunt crabs to help their families survive use of mind. Sharing family burden and dignity of labour . we should learn from them pity to them God bless them everyday. bbc doing great job please keep bringing all this tragic real life stories in front of the world .
India plan to rival olive oil production of Spain, Italy and Greece Good thinking well done .
Now in its fou year, the London Indian Film Festival LIFF showcases cuttingedge films by independent filmmakers from South Asia. Organisers say the festival aims to dispel the myth that the Indian film industry is confined to Bollywood. The 10day programme includes films which present more realistic view of India, tackling issues of sexuality, infidelity and corruption. At least some of them are rehash of many other films
The Duke of Cambridge says he and his wife could not be happier after the duchess gave bi to baby boy, weighing 8lb 6oz, at 16 24 BST at St Mary Hospital, west London. Follow the live coverage and updates here RoyalBaby RoyalBabyBoy Central Eunuch and Casterati Association of India should send delegation to the BBC Ente ainment Incorp. for special programme to improve their level of ente ainment
Do you experience phantom vibrating of your phone? Most of us experience false alarms with phones, and as Tom Stafford explains this happens because it is common and unavoidable pa of healthy brain function. Like if you experience phantom vibrating of your phone Thanks for update,hope for best of performances,ouyput in social reforms,mind soul reforms,upgarded to human mind from human being minds,universal mind reforms,law reforms,love you,Higher Majesty Benu.
Imagine if you could print objects just by thinking about them. Camila Ruz visits one company to see whether this is farfetched dream or real possibility. will print heaven.
We asked our travel community for their advice on exploring the Indian capital. Facebook advice poured in for BBC Travel reader Andy Graf, who asked, Off to Delhi in December for sho work trip. What can be done and seen in the area with time limits three days free ? Check out some of the advice we received from our travel community. Do you agree?
Does coffee really sober you up when drunk? It an appealing idea that caffeine can cancel out the effects of too much alcohol. Sadly, studies reveal it is not that straightforward. Hard coffee.
While carmakers have raced to add the latest technologies to their vehicles, the roads they drive on have arguably failed to evolve at the same pace. Now, an odd couple based in the Netherlands hope to change that with visions of selfilluminating weather warning signs painted on to the tarmac, and dedicated lane capable of recharging electric cars on the go. Future highways may glow in the dark. www.bbc.co.uknewstechnology22354675?OCID fbbbcindia
We all have nearly 200 different types of fungi colonising our feet, scientists have discovered. Fungi live all over the human body, but their favourite spots are the heel, under toenails and between the toes, according to US study. A new map of the body fungal diversity could help combat skin conditions such as athlete foot, researchers repo in Nature journal. www.bbc.co.uknewshealth22622689?OCID fbbbcindia
One of the most compelling cooking competitions to have hit the TV screens No Kitchen Required is an adventure cooking show that drops three gourmet chefs into remote locations where they must hunt and gather ingredients to make meal that will satisfy the locals. The travel is not easy and the food is not for the fainthea ed A cooking show with the most adventurous spirit Tune in Monday to Friday at 10PM only on Discovery India I watch this show. .Its interesting to watch cuz chefs have lots challenge to full fill and to make happy there local guest watched it last night awesome. cool . necessity is the mother of invention. It an incredible show Frankly Im not fan .
Bumblebee, the bravest little Autobot in Michael Bay ca ooninspired Transformers movies, gets new look in the series fou installment. Thats nice. Superb car . Very stylist . Looking CooooooooL.
Many of India affluent elderly are moving to retirement villages. Mr Shekar and his wife are pa of the growing number of elderly people who are breaking away from the traditional family system and staying away from their children, mostly out of choice. Find out why India elderly are moving to retirement homes this is not good for our elder.
India may be leading producer and expo er of vaccines, yet the government immunisation programme fails to reach an estimated 28 of babies born there. Now scientists in the country have come step closer to developing cheap vaccine that could help to save at least 60,000 children year from death related to diarrhoeal disease.
Using computer imaging technology, scientists are developing pioneering new way to find the causes of unexplained deaths in people. Warning this video is not for the fainthea ed.
BBC Culture is fusion of videos and images coupled with editorial content from host of wellknown and respected journalists and commentators, offering an alternative lens on global trends across film, , style and music. Be immersed in world connected by culture visit www.bbc.comculture?OCID fbbbcindia
Lesserknown than the popular EType, the streamlined structure and breathtaking looks of the DType make it Jaguar true masterpiece, writes Jonathan Glancey. The DType Jaguar A wonder of style and engineering awesome car. this is my car.
Check out BBC Capital, new feature site from BBC.com, focusing on personal finance, career development and leadership. Dedicated to offering global perspective on economic stories, trends and profiles on personal level, BBC Capital is an engaging and insightful mix of editorial, video and audio content from host of leading figures from across the world of business helping you to navigate your money, career and business decisions. The business of life decoded at www.bbc.comcapital?OCID fbbbcindia When do you plan to come back ? Waiting anxiously for you to resume India operations again Hi Sandeep, thank you for your continued suppo and interest. We remain committed to India very dynamic market with tremendous oppo unities and potential. We listen to our fans through our social media channels on Facebook and through the www.bbcasia.com, and take your feedback seriously. You will be the first to know about BBC developments in India If sandeep is the first person to know , how come you ignore me?. Hi Yuvan, thank you for your comment. Please do stay with us on this page and we will update you on the latest developments and new ways to enjoy your favourite BBC content
India middle class, among the fastestgrowing in the world, is projected to reach 475 million by 2030. Tushar Prabhoo and his family, who live in Mumbai, the commercial and ente ainment capital, are pa of this burgeoning and aspirational demographic. Photographer Ronny Sen meets them. The keepers of world economy. think its tru
India 160year old telegram service will be discontinued on 15 July because of falling business. To mark the service termination, BBC News would like to hear from you about your old telegrams, and what news they brought to you. Send us your pictures of your telegrams here
Increasingly, as personal and professional lives become more enmeshed, even talented professionals run the risk of getting fired or not getting new position because of what they post on social networks. Can social media get you fired?
By 2027, India is projected to have the biggest middle class population in the world. In society fragmented by caste, there has been much debate about whether recent economic growth has reached the country most disadvantaged groups. it is only possible if Modi ji become the pm otherwise india will become the s debt laden clss in world. Congress is anti middleclas. the question should be asked to congress coz they have ruled the country for most of the time after independence good cople . Very old repo . this is very awefull massage for indians. horrible. It is just because of reservation now India is going to this position.
Thousands of people have been declared dead in India, despite the fact they are alive and well. Unscrupulous relatives are accused of bribing officials in order to seize their land. Dhiraji Devi, 78, is battling in the cou to prove she is alive. Photographer Arkadripta Chakrabo has been documenting the living dead in Uttar Pradesh state. Incredible India .
BBC Autos brings you brief visual history of the MercedesBenz SClass
BBC documentary series How to Grow Planet is three pa miniseries that talks about how plants transformed life in the ocean and triggered human civilization Presented by Iain Stewa , the series premieres tonight on Discovery India at 9PM Awesome story. Awesome doccumentary luvd it .
Want to know who drives what? Top Gear chats to the man who built the cars on the latest Fast & Furious 6
See the world greatest cities through the eyes of the BBC repo ers who live there. A megacity, the home of Bollywood, the economic powerhouse of India this is city that will charm and frustrate you in equal measure. Check out BBC Travel My City series featuring Mumbai. Hi Su Nita, thank you for your feedback. Actually, weve posted many pieces of content about different pa of India. For more, you can visit our site at
The gruesome sight features in literature and horror films, but is it true? To find out, we need to look into the world of organ transplants. Your hea stops, your blood goes cold and your limbs stiffen. Yet amidst the signs that you are no more, your fingernails continue to lengthen and your hair grows or so were told. how many nail polish bottle she took?. o.
In Mumbai, male masseurs live in small but closely knit communities with up to 40 people living in singleroom dwellings. The masseurs are predominantly heterosexual and many of them are married with children and view their job purely as an economic necessity.
Two Pints of Lager and Packet of Crisps follows the lives and loves of five twenty something friends, and the situations they run into A laughing riot ensues when each of them try to solve the other problems Watch BBCW hit comedy series only on Comedy Central India every Sunday at 10 PM comedy is good for life.
Cant decide whether to leave your job? We can help
How do you depict climate change in ? That was the challenge put to ist Gerry Judah who travelled to India with the charity Christian Aid. Amid growing modern economy he found pollution and pove y, but also vibrant colourful traditions. Take trip with him to Bengal where he lived as boy and see how he was inspired to create five distinctive sculptures.
This Norwegian company has decided to trumpet its rather speedy 4G internet connection by cleverly inse ing metaphor into the below video. During the video, Mitsubishi Evo happens, with mud and tyrespin and everything.
The Double D aka Don Danbury, is single twenty nine year old trying to make it in life and his instincts and people around him to put it very lightly are not helping Watch BBCW fantastic comedy series How Not To Live Your Life featuring writer, director and actor Dan Clarke as he shares his notes on love, life and women Only on Comedy Central India every Saturday 10 PM
Young people are losing interest in motor vehicle and carmakers sales are flagging. To solve these crippling dilemmas, car companies are scrambling to find new ways to reach the public, and many are looking beyond conventional motor shows to do so. Check out cars as furniture designs
The no Indian city of Varanasi is one of Hinduism holiest. The ghats steps that lead down to the Ganges River are the city focal point, with pilgrims and locals alike bathing daily in the holy waters to wash away their sins and free themselves from the cycle of life and death. place to attain nirvana.
The US military advanced concepts wing wants an ambitious, highspeed ve ical takeoff and landing aircraft. But can it succeed where others have failed? I think yes. They work so hard and plan things sma , so it may not be incredible for them to put the concept in action, I guess . it is possible. Contact Lucious Fox .He is retired now
India and the country attitude towards women have been in the spotlight for some months, following series of violent assaults. But far from seeing themselves as potential victims, some Indian women are breaking into industries usually dominated by men. As pa of its series on India Trailblazers, BBC News spoke to one woman, who works as tuktuk driver in Delhi. Infact what is tuk tuk?. Auto rickshaws. Auto rickshaw drivers.
Big companies have been trying hard to make the longawaited sma watch revolution happen, so tick tock, what taking so long? Sma watches are just not very sma when left to their own devices they need to be connected to sma phone for full functionality. Do we need watches to tell us more than the time? www.bbc.co.uknewstechnology22627932?OCID fbbbcindia ofcourse we need such gadgets.
Calcutta is the only city in India which still has trams. Over the past two decades, lack of investment, inadequate maintenance and sharp fall in passengers have led to decline in their status. Photographer Ronny Sen has been chronicling India only remaining tramway. yes tram can be only ssen in kolkata in india am proud to be citizen of kolkata.
Does skipping breakfast make you put on weight? It plausible theory, until you look through the evidence. Then things become little messy. Healthy food . Il like this
Watch BBCW produced Jhalak Dikhla Jaa tonight on Colors, at the Raanjhana special episode, where Bollywood most stylish actress Sonam Kapoor and southern hea throb Dhanush will shake leg with your favourite dancing superstars Tune in tonight at PM watched twice Its more then wht expected,great great storyline & Rahman music is sooooo melodious .
Is move into fashion on the cards for the retired footballer? And what might his label be like? Robb Young so through the wardrobe to discover the essence of Brand Beckham.
With their recent acquisition of an Aston Ma in One77, police in the capital city of Dubai have made driving squad car look lot more interesting. The bespoke coupe, limited to run of 77 examples, has less to do with helping officers solve crimes than with enhancing Dubai hyperrich image. Check out the world fastest police vehicles Helps uttrakhand public helps Ohh but indian govt cant afford dz the pic youre showing is not aston ma inone and its definitely not dubai police. This one lambo gallardo in Italian police livery Dubai is not the capital city of UAE. Hi Rajas, yes youre right. For the Aston Ma in One77 in Dubai, please refer to the 2nd image in the photo gallery at Hi Lijo, thanks for pointing out the error in the post. Apologies for the mistake. We appreciate your feedback. Have great weekend ahead kudos to the admin rarely Ive come across an page where the admin accepts the error keep up the good work
The civic body in Mumbai has passed proposal to ban the display of bikiniclad mannequins in lingerie shops. The proposal, intended to reduce incidents of assault on women, is under active consideration by the body chief executive, Sitaram Kunte. The proposal was unanimously passed by the assembly, which has 227 member from various political pa ies. strange decision, By stopping display how any one can prevent atrocities against women?. Strange but true India is increasingly becoming Afghanisthan anyway due to our political leaders everybody is so sho sighted that instead of focusing on the real causes, just try to submit to populist moods. Disgusting .
Last October in village in southern India, crowd of thousands gathered to watch officials smash down the wall of house to release man who had been incarcerated for more than decade. Why on ea BBC ente ainment posts useless yet catching news like this , I think you people should stick to the news and programs that distinguishes from others like Neo, Discovery, history etc.,. Hi Yuvan, thank you for your feedback. Were sorry you didnt enjoy this content today and well take your comment into consideration for future posts. Have good day ahead Thanks for your concern and fast reply on my interest. can know the present condition of that man. Hi Rajat, thank you for your interest. Keshava is in hospital receiving treatment so he is recovering what to doing for police.
In emerging markets like India, basic mobile phones and feature phones still reign supreme. Feature phones, which perhaps boast basic forms of GPS, camera, MP3 player and some kind of internet access, as well as the ability to run simple apps, have become increasingly popular in the developing world. They occupy the middle ground between basic phones that simply make, and receive calls and text messages, and sma phones. So why do feature phone holders seem to be ignored by many developers? www.bbc.co.uknewsbusiness22390444?OCID fbbbcindia thats why nokia still holds market in india. think India almost people is rich
Daimler is to paste Quick Response QR code stickers on to its MercedesBenz cars. The blackandwhite square bar codes are designed to help firefighters and paramedics get critical information needed to save car crash victims. The QR codes direct sma phones to webpage showing how to cut into each type of vehicle to free its passengers. www.bbc.co.uknewstechnology22682186?OCID fbbbcindia QR software. what technique.
What happens when two worldfamous whitehelmeted humanoids come face to face? Asimo, Honda pet robot is friendly and helpful so , who thought he was alone in this world. Top Gear thought it was only fair to introduce Stig to Asimo. Watch Stig versus Asimo really it is wonderfull . what fantastic.
Printers that can create 3D objects have become one of the hottest topics in technology in recent months. Plans for everything from toys to radiocontrolled planes are available to download for those who have pockets deep enough to buy one of these stillpricey devices. Welcome to the weird and wild world of 3D printing. 3D printers are awesome, we saw these printers in recent Jackie Chan movie Chinese Zodiac 2012
Walking with Dinosaurs Inside their World is here The ultimate, interactive dinosaur experience on the iPad, narrated by Stephen Fry. Find out more here My son used to watch this program with passion , but now there is no way ,, expecting soon.
Arunachal Pradesh, the land of the dawnlit mountains, is surely high on any list of candidates for the mythical realm of ShangriLa. Sitting at confluence of countries India, Bhutan, Tibet and Burma it has historically been inaccessible from any, an unknown place so remote that few of its thunderous Himalayan peaks have been named, let alone climbed. Now, however, easing travel restrictions and improved infrastructure ensure that this extraordinary place is ripe for exploring. wow post about NE india great thanks.
With epic stories about Noah, Moses and Cain and Abel all due to hit our screens, is the Bible movie set to take over from the superhero film? Tom Brook examines the potential risks and rewards of the religious blockbuster.
A song from 1966 Bollywood blockbuster movie Suraj Sun has been voted the bestloved track by BBC Asian Network listeners. Baharon Phool Barsao Sprinkle the Flowers was chosen from list of 100 Hindi movie songs released between 1940 and 2010. how very ignorant. Your listeners badly need crash course in Hindi cinema.
The French circus performance group Mana brings their dazzling displays of acrobatics to India, retrospective of the work of the Baroque ist Rubens in France and other stories from the world of s. Roopa Suchak repo s.
India and the country attitude towards women have been in the spotlight for some months, following series of violent assaults. But far from seeing themselves as potential victims, some Indian women are breaking into industries usually dominated by men. As pa of its series on India Trailblazers, BBC News spoke to one woman, Aditi Mittal, who works as standup comic. depend on women where they work so easy way they surrender not thinking for self character that they have some boundary for self security from evil mind already maximum man thinking was not good want to use & throw so live with your self respect bz without women this world was zero want to change man mind then first change women bz this world was in their hand.
Audi celebrated the starstudded U.S. premiere of one of summer most anticipated films, Iron Man 3. Held at the historic El Capitan and TCL Chinese Theatres in Hollywood, CA, Iron Man himself, Robe Downey, Jr. brought Hollywood Boulevard to halt to arrive at the red carpet in style, driving up in Tony Stark vehicle of choice, red 2014 Audi R8 Spyder.
Young fans of BBC are in for treat Your favourite CBeebies are back on TV Kicksta ing July 1st, on Zee Q, India first edutainment pay TV channel CBeebies greatest are all up and ready to enthral India young ones once again Joining us are Po, Tinky Winky and Noo Noo from Teletubbies, Muffin, Samuel and Rudy from 3rd and Bird and Charlie and Lola But hey, sit tight, fingers crossed there are many more to come Stay tuned for updates Do something for doctor who. Waiting for Charlie & Lola and number jack . Bring Doctor Who and Sherlock on Star Plus that would change the world. really love it. my child chumki loves these all.
After brief tease on its Facebook page, Aston Ma in revealed the dramatic CC100 Speedster Concept recently, and gave the rakish twoseater along with more than 100 other Aston Ma ins celebratory lap of Germany famed Nurburgring race circuit.
Vikas Swarup debut novel Q and A was adapted into the Oscarwinning film Slumdog Millionaire. Despite the success of the story, he has never given up the day job as an Indian diplomat in Japan. He told the BBC Mishal Husain why, and about the creative process and his latest book The Accidental Apprentice.
For many people writing about India, the common cliches of Delhi belly, lengthy traffic jams, bureaucracy, corruption and yoga retreats are the subjects that fill the column inches. Did you know that only of Indians pay income tax, in population of 1.2bn? Find out the other observations here I belong to tht lucky . Of the population .
Good News for CBeebies fans in India We have tied up with Zee Q, India first edutainment channel for children, to bring selected programmes from CBeebies, back to our Indian fans From July 1, you can catch CBeebies programmes from 9.30 am to 10.30 am Mondays to Thursdays, with two hour repeats from 11 am pm on weekends. The shows you can catch are Teletubbies the multi award winning and ever popular live action series 3rd & Bird beautifully animated series for threetofiveyearolds full of ente aining stories, songs and cute characters and Charlie and Lola the delightfully witty animation series about two siblings. This is just the beginning of our pa nership with Zee Q. We will be reviewing and adding to the programmes lineup in the months to come. Brilliant now Pleaseee try to get back BBC Ente ainment bringbbc ente ainment back want to see sherlock s3. Yes, when are you coming back fully and not just pa ially. I liked Sherlock and other investigative series After many months BBC ent. shows us good news. Make us more happier My daughetrs really liked this channel. hope to it soon.
British musician Stefan Kaye spent three weeks in Delhi notorious Tihar jail as prisoner and then went back with his band to hold conce there. He spoke to the BBC Geeta Pandey about his time in jail and all the good that came out of adversity. Check out India jailhouse rocker here
No hern and central India are in the grip of scorching heat wave with temperatures running above 45C 113F in many places. A schoolgirl near the no hern city of Jammu walks under an umbrella to protect herself from the bright sun. Rain come soon this is feature.
A village in India most populous state of Uttar Pradesh recently got electricity for the first time 65 years after independence. The BBC Hindi Nitin Srivastava visits Chibaukhera to find out how the lives of more than 100 families have changed. Thank god they got light. . Incredible India Ye haal abhi bhi pure up ka hai Light to pahle se hi aati thi but naam ke liye And really tensile about up There are not good goverment ,no development ,more pove ,,, More problems but public gives vote to BSP & SP ,,, WHY? peoples not tries to congress or BJP THINK I wish it has dislike button too More effo want.
Like Meccano? Love the Mercedes SLS ECell? Then why not combine your passions into satisfying cocktail of skinned knuckles, frustration and anger by building the world first electric kit car for the track? I Lke ths car.
The wait is finally over India Tune in to Colors tonight at PM and watch your favorite stars share the stage in India biggest dance reality show, BBCW Jhalak Dikhla Jaa Season Who will you be rooting for? Who moves will set the temperatures soaring? We cant wait to find out Watch the action packed season premiere tonight only on Colors PM Aaj Raat Mai Me Kya Kya Dekhungi IDS ,DID Mom nd JDJ omg its complicated to me ?? . The first line goes the wait is finally over and thought the channel is coming back when will that happen. hey bbc are an official page of bollywud stupid reality shows? Share sumthng gud and creative nt these lifeless show timings sadly, nothing like dancing with the stats. but it was such big surprise to Brian Cox on Discovery Had seen the show when it had first aired on BBC1.
The secret to understanding teeming metropolis lies in exploring its neighbourhoods. It is in these slices of life that big city fast pace slows down and its true nature is revealed. Mumbai first set of worldrenowned Jane Jacobs walks organised in memory of the American author and urban activist attempts to encapsulate this experience through sojourns to three pa of the city Mazagaon, Bandra and Juhu where residents and visitors can see how the local community functions.
As Cannes celebrates centenary of Indian cinema, many Indian filmmakers believe move away from the traditional Bollywood style is needed, as Tom Brook discovers. A new direction for Indian cinema? indian cinema intro india to world
Bollywood goes hitech and big box office on low budget because of transformation from celluloid to digital. This has brought costs down dramatically. Distribution, for instance, is now just onefifth of what it used to be. And digital is cheaper to screen too, so the reach is five times greater now.
Television, films, ads, reality TV, anchoring, hosting, modelling is there anything Shweta Tiwari has not done? We got you there. Can she dance her way to the title? Well, we wait to find out Watch Shweta Tiwari in this exclusive preview as India biggest dance reality show Jhalak Dikhla Jaa returns for Season6 on June 1st Only more days to go Holding your breath India? We are. Last season of Jhalak was fun wid bharathi well lets see ths season of Shweta will bag ths title as winner of Jhalak really desi version of Dancing wid stars of BBC ent 4m Puppy1Luv Parce que voulse valez bein French Via Samsung Galaxy Note. like sonal and sumanth.
Every time Chinese leader visits India, he usually meets the family of an Indian doctor, Dwarkanath S Kotnis , who died while treating wounded Chinese soldiers in the conflict with Japan in the 1940s. What accounts for Dr Kotnis popularity in China and why have the country leaders felt the need to visit his family since 1950? A kinda The Painted Veil
A 50yearold Indian woman has been released from prison, 19 years after she was granted bail. Vijay Kumari was unable to post the necessary amount of about $180 PS120 to secure her release so she stayed in prison until the son, who she gave bi to while in jail, got her out. Sanjoy Majumder repo from Kanpur. failiure of system Smtyms money becm more imp shame to our society. This is very shameful for our country justice What shameless system I think it the real INDIAN kanun
Lauren Gottlieb aka Gotta Love Her , international dancing sensation and choreographer, after shaking leg with Hollywood mega stars Tom Cruise and Tobey Maguire and matching steps with Rihanna and Shakira Is all set to rock your TV screens Lauren will compete for the title on Jhalak Dikhla Jaa Season 6, sta ing June 1st only on Colors days to the mega dance off
Feeling low? Overworked, anxious, bored with life? A holiday will do your mood the world of good. Really it will there now scientific proof. A team of researchers at the University of Vermont in the United States has found that people tweets get significantly more positive in mood the greater the distance they are from home. miss my flight to India
Were almost ce ainly going to be either consumed by some form of zombie apocalypse, or forced to live in and enjoy world where Justin Bieber records another hit record. Thankfully, Mercedes has engineered vehicle tailored specifically towards the Bieberpocalypse future. Check out Unimog, the monster Mercedes. 0.
Rishikesh, located in the no hern Indian state of Uttarakhand, is known as the yoga capital of the world . The Beatles set off the surge of Western spiritual seekers in 1968, after their stay in local ashram, and today the town attracts thousands of visitors each year in search of healing and enlightenment. When are you guys coming back to India??? Have disowned my tv since yall left .
Our Autos editor, Jonathan Schultz, stopped at the production base for Need for Speed on shoot day, and took in what appeared to be the rarest hypercars in the world. what car I would like to have it. wht car is this?. cool. this looks like hybrid of lamborghini gallardo , mc laren mp4i2c and some concepts.
The Pentagon has long interest in neuroscience, ranging from understanding brain injuries to attempts to turn insects into tiny spies using implanted systems. What romantic .
Cannes celebrates 100 years on Indian cinema this year with special programme of films. The centrepiece is Bombay Talkies, which plays out of competition at special midnight screening. The movie is an anthology, made up of four sho films by wellknown Indian directors. It celebrates the diversity of Indian cinema and the influence of the movies on everyday life. Expect more than your standard Bollywood songanddance fest.
India Aligarh Muslim University, one of Asia oldest, was modelled on Cambridge University by its founder Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, for educating Indian Muslims. Adil Hasan has been photographing its students, many of whom live in small campus rooms and dormitories. Here, Nuradeen Sahdee, Thai undergraduate student, poses in his room. Haha just like any other dorm room.
His eyecatching buildings have helped define the architecture of postindependence India. From cultural and civic monuments to modest housing developments, Charles Correa influence and style has spread far beyond the subcontinent. A new exhibition at the Royal Institute of British Architects in London which has been gifted Correa archive celebrates his decadeslong career. Take look with the designer, fellow architect David Adjaye.
Siberia, one of the harshest places on ea to live in and the venue for two brave souls prepared to break the Russian ice speed record. Russian race driver Roman Rusinov and auto journalist Andrey Leontjev pushed the Nissan GTR across frozen Lake Baikal, setting new national speed ice driving record of 294.8 kmh. I am not able to watch this channel. How do I subscribe to it? Thank you great when do get to experience such things firsthand enough of ente aining myself vicariously.
The charming village of Ella may be nestled in the middle of worldfamous tea plantations, but it is locally renowned for something else delicious home cooking. The town, located in the foothills of Sri Lanka lush hill country 200km west of Colombo, offers foodies the chance to dig deep into the country culinary traditions and learn to eat and cook like local.
Among the loud and proud community of Chevrolet Camaro enthusiasts, the Z28 moniker is hallowed one. The original Camaro Z28 coupe debuted in 1967, car built to compete in the Spo Car Club of America TransAm class. BBC Autos takes you on quick visual history of the Chevrolet Camaro Z28 Why arent you on TataSky anymore?? I want TopGear .
Malana in India Himachal Pradesh state is one of the most ancient and isolated villages. With population of about 1,700, Malana was known to be hostile to outsiders until recently. Photographer Harikrishna Katragadda has been visiting the village since 2009 to capture the changes as the village opens up to visitors.
Indian cinema began 100 years ago with the first Bollywood film, although the term was only coined many years later. The vibrant songanddance routines have millions of fans but here are some lesserknown facts that may have escaped their knowledge. First BBC Ente ainment abandons India and then wastes our time with Bollywood rubbish. Dont we get enough of this from our local native avenues?. Hi Ranjona, the decision to leave India was very difficult one for us as well. Thank you for your continued suppo and interest. We aim to share our global perspective on features and analysis on locally relevant content. However, we will take note of your feedback. Do stay with us on this page for more exciting things to come. Have great day ahead Thanks for replying. My point is simple we came to you to get away from Bollywood. So posting about it is kind of rubbing salt in the wound . what do you know about Indian cinema??. Kya kool hai,? It nice,
How telepresence robot helped Grady Hofmann experience life at home and in the classroom while confined to hospital bed due to bone marrow transplant. The robot, dubbed GradyBot by the family, was the patient eyes and ears to the outside world for two months, taking pa in prebedtime chat, visiting school, celebrating bi hdays and even enduring the usual sibling torment.
Indian cinema began 100 years ago although the term Bollywood was only coined many years later. Top Bollywood film makers Anurag Kashyap, Karan Johar, Dibakar Banerjee and Zoya Akhtar have made film, Bombay Talkies, which pays homage to the centenary of Indian cinema. They tell the BBC Yogita Limaye their views on Bollywood past, present and future. Are guys coming back to our television??? Pls come back LOL MR. ANURAG & MS. AKHTAR have Copied their Story from another Script writer. COPY PASTE DIRECTORS . Hi Vikram, thank you for your continued interest and suppo . Please do stay with us on this page and well be updating you on new ways to enjoy your favourite BBC programmes Thank you.
Having kids need not put stop to global explorations or imaginative travel experiences. Continue the journey with one of these familyfriendly holiday ideas like in Kerala, India. what view.
Google sma glasses project has been causing excitement in the tech world for months as speculation about what it will finally look like and be able to do reaches fever pitch. While some see such wearable computing as the obvious next step for the digital age, others regard the idea of even more intimate connections with the network quite scary. Will we love it or hate it?
Raja Deen Dayal 18441905 was legendary Indian photographer. In 1894, he was appointed cou photographer to the royal family of Hyderabad. Over the course of his remarkable career, Deen Dayal opened studios in Indian cities, employing over 50 photographers and assistants. This is picture of the Grand Duke Alexander of Russia and companions after cheetah hunt in March 1891.
In the hundred years since India produced its first film, singing and dancing has become integral to the look and feel of many Bollywood productions and main draw for millions of fans across the globe. BBC Hindi correspondent Neha Bhatnagar asked BBC journalists from the World Service language services to share their favourite Bollywood moment.
Bollywood turned 100 last Friday. Eminent economist and Bollywood fan Lord Meghnad Desai explores whether it has reflected the life and times of changing India.
Recently, the turnstiles were flung open to India first major theme park. Its Indian owners are hoping to capture the imagination and pockets of India growing middle classes. However despite investing billions elsewhere in Asia, big overseas brands like Disney and Universal studios have so far shied away from entering the Indian market, so what are the challenges and are India consumers ready? Adrienne Murray repo from the theme park in Khopoli. Most people have issues with obeying laws to the point they disregard their own safety and that of others just to try and show that they are above the law. Besides, if Disney and Universal Studios show up, theyd have to spend fo une on cleaning up the inevitable mess which will be present at the end of each day. The truth hu s, but hey
Indian cinema began 100 years ago although the term Bollywood was only coined many years later. Raja Harishchandra, Indian cinema first silent film, was released on May 1913. Yogita Limaye repo from Mumbai Hi Su Nita, thank you for your continued interest and suppo . We really appreciate it. Please stay with us on this page and well be updating you on new ways to enjoy your favourite BBC programmes soon. .
Bollywood actordirector Farhan Akhtar is promoting campaign called MARD Men Against Rape and Discrimination to get Indian men to respect women at time when the country is outraged over cases of brutal violence against women. He spoke to the BBC Rahul Tandon in Calcutta. what sham it isnt going to solve nickel legalizing prostitution will. Dont tell me that Zinta is being raped Oh I mean wadia or ??????.
Prompted by the effo of San Diego, Californiabased Zelectric Motors, which plans to offer investmentgrade classic Volkswagen Beetles conve ed to 100 electric power, BBC Autos has picked passel of gasolinepowered vintage cars that are prime candidates for EV conversion.
An exhibition of photographs taken by wellknown Indian fashion photographer Rohit Chawla was recently held at the Religare A Gallery in the capital, Delhi. Titled Goa Style , the exhibition showed pictures of foreign travellers visiting the holiday destination of Goa.
Japanese scientists are claiming they have found way to read dreams. Using brain scans, the researchers say they have been able to predict the images that people see as they sleep. I always dreamt about it . No plz ull only see porns in my dreams el el. I have not the least dout about your success if it is possible?.
Bombarded with adve promising longer, healthier life, BBC News Los Angeles correspondent Peter Bowes goes in search of eternal youth. Could walking while we work significantly improve our chances of living to ripe old age?
BMW has revealed the X4 concept, but we remember time when BMW design study was bit cooler. Like this 328 Hommage Inspired by bunny. baby come to me ill take you for long drive. hey have same car wallpaper.
There could soon be life on Mars human life, that is. Oneway tickets to the red planet are being offered by Dutch organisation which hopes to build community of settlers there. If you were offered one, would you say yes or no? nope, its not time yet for that. hey, U guys either come back to India or remove this page. Looks ridiculous . Definitely yesssss it fun. dunno, dunno maybe, ahhh this is too complicated. I think death on red planet would be batter than life on green monster planet If you need worker count me in. Red is the symbol of danger but here red indicate life.so we are piercing in red planet.GOOD. yes, I am in . only if am the only male in the group going there. Thanks but no thanks. I feel at home right here Wow Very fascinating.
With spaceconscious designs and environmentally friendly initiatives, the structure itself no longer tells the whole story when it comes to forwardthinking architecture. Singapore Gardens by the Bay, an immersive, slightly trippy garden fantasyland, is made up of various botanical attractions designed as sustainable public spaces. Opened in 2011, its highlights include the Supe ree Grove pictured , forest of 16storeyhigh manmade structures covered with living plants and hosting photovoltaic cells that harvest solar energy. Yes, I read detailed description in magazine. Absolutely and awesomely out of this world .
Now here something that you gear heads will be lusting for, the Espresso Veloce V12. A V12 well, coffee machine designed to look like V12 engine. The Espresso Veloce comes in V10 or V12 configurations. Like real engines, this is crafted from materials like aluminum, magnesium and titanium. If you had one of these in your kitchen, chances are you wont even have to make cuppa to perk up your mornings. Enjoy your Sunday morning India fans
Tens of thousands of people sleep at night on the streets of India eastern city of Calcutta. Arko Datto has been taking photographs of people sleeping in the open in the city College Street area, well known for its cheekbyjowl bookshops. Bring back the BBC ente ainment channel
Huge congratulations to Rimjhim Mitra and her choreographer pa ner Vivek who beat their cocontestants this week on Bengal most glamorous dance reality show Jhalak Dikh Jaa Bangla BBCW epic dance show format was adapted first time for regional TV, and what wonderful journey it turned out to be So once again Go Rimjhim , we hope you enjoyed the show and do share your favorite moments with us this shows that A man doesnt need brilliance or genius Luck is an accident that happens to the For me, hard work represents the supreme Way to go rimjhim. We are proud of you.
You can rent this blushing pink Ghost chauffeur included for PS5,000 approximately INR418,281 per day to help RollsRoyce raise money for breastcancer research. oh this this mean awsome,,, no no sentastic., no no cool dont knw what want to say. Hi Naveen, thank you for your interest and suppo in our programmes. Catch your favourite Dr. Who and Torchwood moments here and Stay with us on this page and well be updating you on how to enjoy your favourite BBC programmes very soon. WANA RAISE MONEY FOR CANCER RESEARCH THAN Y DONT U DONATE YR PINK GHOST TO THT RESEARCH CENTER, THT WOULD B D BEST Probably the most snob way of raising money. Would never ever work. I would call this just an insensitive gimmick .
A bra which can give electric shocks to wouldbe sex attackers has been designed by three female students in India. It can also send text message to friend and to police, stating the woman GPS coordinates. Do you think this is good idea? Wow. It cool. Now women can go anywhere safely. Brilliant idea. I like it. . great job again proved that requirement is the mother of invention What if it malfunctioned am not saying it will but if they will just be pricked out in public ow ow that hu Yes good dea. Sent from Vodafone Social Updates. Yeah this is good idea Why not just buy Taser Gun instead? o.O. Gadget wise its good BUT impractical,unsustaiable and what about the poor and kids?. absolutely bang on idea must say . It is great idea get it patented great indian great khoj. must say dat bra effect on the rapiest. Awsm bt sud affordable to common ppl. Innovative and useful Should be at reasonable price. oooh will be careful now but what if it back fires because of some sho circuit am allowed to rescue that girllady.
Raghu Rai, one of India most acclaimed photographers, has taken pictures of many of the country top musicians over the years. Some of these photographs were displayed at recent exhibition in the eastern city of Calcutta. This picture shows Bismillah Khan, the Indian shehnai maestro who died in 2006, at conce in Delhi. He was awarded India highest civilian honour, the Bharat Ratna the Jewel of India in 2001, and gained worldwide acclaim for playing the shehnai for several decades.
Geneticist Frances Ashcroft says that everyone should give up eating for day week. Fasting is cheap, simple, has long tradition in many cultures and may make us healthier, happier and longer lived.
Could this be the world most expensive shi ? An Indian man has bought the shi with more than 3kg of gold and wo $250,000. His is an extreme case of an Indian obsession with the precious metal. Datta Phuge shi only gets an outing on special occasions and he has security guard with him wherever he travels, to protect his purchase. ?????. he is from maharashtra. another Bappi fan Gold plated Nakli jewellery D. nope, that real and its old news too this is called CHUTIYAPA one for me plzz. This man is politicians from nearby my city. His wife was recently suspended from the local govt for submitting fake ce ificate about her caste No wonder. Perhaps the gold prices dropped after folks saw this This Guys is from My City Pune . Will he wash dis shi .?. This can happen only in India where people are struggling for their daily needs other side people travel with security guards to protect their expensive displays . Foolish , seems to be politisian Waste of money go buy 458 italia spyder or sls roadster with that cash many more people will then look at IDIOT . goldman of pcmc.
This is the best golf buggy in the world. But is it good enough to make golf interesting? Great answer
The southern Indian city of Kochi is playing host to the country first biennale. Modelled on similar exhibitions including the famous Venice Biennale, it features more than 80 contemporary ists from India and around the world.
The dance fever has taken Kolkata by the storm BBCW produced Jhalak Dikhlaja Bangla has transformed Bengal biggest stars from absolute nondancers to dancing sensations of the country Now watch the final four as they compete for the title Only on ETV Bangla, Monday to Saturday 30 PM Are you searching extra income Do not miss this income oppo unity No investment. No product sale. No joining fees. only Android mobile need this business. Work from your home. India UK USA Indonesia Malaysia Singapore Australia Thailand Turkey Vietnam France United Arab Emirates Taiwan Russia Federation Germany hong Kong Japan Mexico Spain Saudi Arabia Canada Bangladesh These country people do this work. How to join this business Install Champcash earn money free this app play store Fill Details name, DOB .email.mobile number and remember any password Next ask sponsore refer id 3500089 my name also show display put this number. Install or app it is called challenge First time only install all app. Next Champcash account active and company give bonus $1. Next only invite and refer work now type income in this business soon fix income launch. Download today this app sta work join more people then you earn more money easily All Details in Champcash account more Details whatsaap my number or Inbox me Facebook. Thank you.do your best.
There tantalising evidence that technology could one day allow us to transmit thoughts telepathically between two brains. The question is how far can we go? In lab at Harvard Medical School, man is using his mind to wag rat tail. To send his command, he merely glances at strobe light flickering on computer screen, and set of electrodes stuck to his scalp detects the activity triggered in his brain. Thnks to electromagnetic phenomenon.
John Hennessey, the Texasbased tuner of performance automobiles making fast cars go faster is his company credo , has reason to be little smug. His Hennessey Venom GT recently set the productioncar speed record, edging out the Volkswagen Group Bugatti Veyron SuperSpo . John sir made me Respect U .
Top Indian designers have been showcasing their collections at recent fashion weeks in Delhi and Mumbai, with high fashion in demand as never before. A growing section of the population is young, rich and not shy about flaunting their wealth and beauty. But what are fashion designers doing to reach out to them? Shilpa Kannan repo s.
Assembling your own furniture, after you have brought it home from the showroom, is nightmare for many people. So, what if flatpack furniture was sma enough to assemble itself and grows like popcorn ? Why do you keep to uring us with things we can no longer see in India .
A copy of seminal 16th Century work on India is on display at the National Archives building in Delhi. Organisers say Itinerary by Italian adventure traveller Ludovico De Va hema is the first bestselling book written on India.
Our friends at Lonely Planet India have put up some amazing pictures of the wildlife inside Ranthambore National Park in India. Enjoy It looking very nice, we will have to protect their Lovely life
Restaurant Week in Mumbai features selection of the city best finedining destinations, including the hip music and food spot, Blue Frog. In its third year, this culinary event has become fixture on the calendars of the city food connoisseurs. Its not in mumbai. It is in mall in Gandhi Nagar, Gujrat Ahmedabad road. .
Between 1907 and 1938, the Detroit Electric Car Company formerly the Anderson Carriage Company produced some 13,000 examples of its electric car tall, finely appointed carriage powered by trunk full of leadacid batteries. The car promised 80 miles of zeroemissions cruising on full charge, with top speed of 20mph pokier than the 40mph Ford Model T, but adequate for city driving. Now, seven decades after the lights went out on Detroit Electric, the company well, the name, at least is on the verge of comeback.
Leading Indian photographer Pablo Ba holomew recently held an exhibition focussing on his time spent in the city of Calcutta in the 1970s. His work covers wide range of subjects from the city street life, to its Chinese community, to images of his grandmother, to the city most famous resident, the Oscarwinning filmmaker Satyajit Ray. the legend of the film industry & also bengali Am proud b an BENGALI myself.
Web developers, students, engineers and scientists took pa in firstever Hackathon organised by the Indian Government. The event was an attempt to make apps, infographics and films to present India fiveyear growth plan. The BBC Divya Arya met some pa icipants to take look at what they created.
The first mobile phone call was made 40 years ago, on April 1973. Ma Cooper, senior engineer at Motorola, called rival colleague at another telecoms company and announced he was speaking from real cellular telephone .
Social networking site Facebook is expected to unveil push into the sma phone market from its headqua ers in California. More than half Facebook billion or so users already access the site on mobile device. Michelle Fleury repo from New York.
Automobile manufacturers are adorning new vehicles with raft of curious addons to impress friends and passersby. Like this pony projection lamp which is auxiliary lighting that can point wayward owners back toward their cars in the dark. Yep. Growing. Well
Instead of visiting global landmarks, technology and experiences can change the way we look at the world and our own lives.
The traditional Indian custom of passing down epics and village folklore from one generation to the next through storytelling is slowly dying with increasing globalisation and the allpervasive media. Pia Chandavarkar repo from Thanjavur in the southern state of Tamil Nadu. Instead of storytelling, write it down. Dont blame globalisation.
Police in the Indian city of Bangalore are using lifelike cardboard figures of officers to try and stop traffic violations. The fake policemen have been placed in the central district and will be seen around the whole city soon.The move is pa of drive to control traffic in the city that has about 4.2 million vehicles on its roads. have witnessed it and it really works Kudos to Banglr city traffic police keep going . what an idea . rofl. Really?. lets hope they accept fake bribes too . Im in Bangalore from past 28 years and I daily move around Bangalore 50 Kms Daily . I have not seen any such Cardboard policeman Its fake NEWS not fake police
There an urgent need for sustainable housing solutions for the urban poor around the world. Meet the people hoping to revolutionise slum living with their hitech, lowcost ideas. Developed by group of students at the University of Stellenbosch, the iShack features solar panel to power three lights, mobilephone charger and an outdoor spotlight for security. The roof is designed to collect rainwater, and windows are placed to allow better airflow and sunlight heating.
In the wake of the brutal gang rape and murder of 23yearold physiotherapist on Delhi bus in December, the focus in India has been on the treatment and safety of women across the country. There has also been an increase in security measures in public places like the metro in the eastern city of Calcutta with undercover patrols. I suppo the voice of I hope they patrols will not sleep at the time of Duty Great going on
Will we one day be able to access all of human knowledge directly from chip implanted into our brains? American author, inventor, and futurist Ray Kurzweil believes it will be possible. He argues that the exponential rise in computing power we see today will continue to point where in 2029, machines will be as sma as people. Doubht may fit pace maker replicateing hea Replace ifical limbs But dnt think any tech now of future wil able to replicate the organ brain . Hey BBC Ent, did you guys just watch Bells of St. John? . It may be possible. It may be possible but fear of loss of human feelings will be more and man will become more like machine reminded me of the spoonheads lol.
The tropical paradise attracts divers and snorkelers from across the world hoping for glimpse of its spectacular marine life, including the world largest population of manta rays. BBC Future explores how to protect the fragile manta rays of the Maldives.
Buyers of extraordinary automobiles are not merely satisfying transpo ation needs they are acquiring rolling statement of their taste, good or bad. BBC Autos has selected handful of exceptional options from prestige automakers not performance or safetyrelated features, but addons that exist solely to reinforce the specialness of the car, items from which an owner will derive nothing more than pleasure.
India annual Holi festival, this year on 27 March, marks the end of winter and celebrates the upcoming spring harvest. This exhilarating Hindu holiday, where gulal vividly coloured powder is thrown onto the singing and dancing crowds, also commemorates the victory of good over evil, dating back to Hindu legend of the destruction of the demoness Holika. Why not come back to India instead of boring us Indians with sruff we already know? Am missing Dr Who .
About 450 new vehicles are registered every day in Mumbai The number is growing every day as more drivers take to the roads and frankly, there isnt enough road to go around. So can cuttingedge technology provide solution to prevent the entire system grinding to halt?
Does India need bank for women? India government thinks so. Plans for such bank the first staterun one of its kind in India were announced in the annual budget.
Scientists used an iPhone 4S to diagnose intestinal worm infections in schoolchildren in rural Tanzania. They attached an USD$8 ball lens to the handset camera lens, and used cheap torch and doublesided tape to create an improvised microscope.
Maria Toorpakai Wazir is star squash player with promising international career. Born in Waziristan, highly conservative region of Pakistan, she had to disguise herself as boy when she took up the spo and later received ominous threats for playing in sho s.
An exhibition of photographs of India ancient Parsi community, taken by wellknown photographer and screenplay writer Sooni Taraporevala, is being held at Mumbai Chemould Prescott Road gallery. For Anuradha Bhide Phatak and Meher H Bharucha do check it out .
The streets of Mumbai are seldom quiet day or night they echo to the sound of revving cars, rumbling lorries and the angrywasp buzz of auto rickshaws. And then there are the horns. In city of 18 million inhabitants there are 1.8 million motor vehicles and the number is growing every day as more drivers take to the roads. As pa of the What If? season, BBC News took trip around Mumbai with Hormazd Sorabjee, the editor of Autocar India.
The world first undersea restaurant complete with threeperson submarine offers guests an underthetop experience in the Maldives. Snorkelling and scuba diving were once the only way to see wild reefs and tropical fish up close, and then came handful of seaadjacent aquariums. But at the Conrad Maldives Rangali Island, travellers can see the wonders of the water world without getting wet, while dining. Best thing I can imagine Lovve BlackIndian Ash Frm England .
To connect with India growing internet users, the Finance Minister P Chidambaram recently went online to take questions from young students, analysts and even farmers, about his budget. Taking pa in Google Hangout videoconferencing through the Google social network he reached out to the country young and techsavvy citizens. what is the real meaning of budget it politicians leather bag.
Jhalak Dikhla Jaa Goes Regional BBCW Jhalak Dikhla Jaa, Indian television biggest reality dance show is all set to sizzle Kolkata. With choreographer Remo D ouza and Tolly own superstar Koel Mullick as judges, Jhalak Dikhla Jaa Bangla will be aired on ETV Bangla Stay tuned for more updates and keep those dancing shoes handy Are you searching extra income Do not miss this income oppo unity No investment. No product sale. No joining fees. only Android mobile need this business. Work from your home. India UK USA Indonesia Malaysia Singapore Australia Thailand Turkey Vietnam France United Arab Emirates Taiwan Russia Federation Germany hong Kong Japan Mexico Spain Saudi Arabia Canada Bangladesh These country people do this work. How to join this business Install Champcash earn money free this app play store Fill Details name, DOB .email.mobile number and remember any password Next ask sponsore refer id 3500089 my name also show display put this number. Install or app it is called challenge First time only install all app. Next Champcash account active and company give bonus $1. Next only invite and refer work now type income in this business soon fix income launch. Download today this app sta work join more people then you earn more money easily All Details in Champcash account more Details whatsaap my number or Inbox me Facebook. Thank you.do your best.
India has been taking steps to address the high number of farmers in India who are killing themselves. The figures are shocking, but are they any higher than in India as whole? very bad for india future. we have to do something about it.
About 5055 million years ago, the chunk of the Gondwana supercontinent that was to become the Indian subcontinent crashed into Asia, causing the formation of the Himalayas and uniting eastern and western Pakistan. Monkeys, wild pigs, hares and elephants reached India and, in return, the Indian subcontinent gave the world many of its bovine cattle and antelope ancestors. great formation great country .
If you are seeking some deeper meaning on your travels, why not make your own pilgrimage to some of the world great spiritual sites? The city of Amritsar on the IndiaPakistan border has golden hea with the Golden Temple the holiest site in Sikhism dominating the city. You guys should consider coming back, now that most of the country is going digital
In recent years, sma phones have become much more than our communication and ente ainment devices. They are our keys, our wallets and our personal assistants. When it comes to our vehicles, sma phones breathe new life into old, at times baleful, tasks. Look at the most remarkable ways our phones are changing the driving experience
Surgeon Anthony Atala demonstrates an earlystage experiment that could someday solve the organdonor problem 3D printer that uses living cells to output transplantable kidney.
Mount Everest is not the only highlight of the Himalayas it home to snow leopards, Himalayan wolves and Tibetan bears. Some of the most memorable moments from the BBC natural history archive have been filmed here including the magnificent snow leopard filmed for Planet Ea h. Love this picture. Dis is wat we cal heaven on ea h.
It surprising how much of the world we see and yet do not take in. Who better to teach us why we miss so much and what to do about it than Sherlock Holmes?
Facebook has revamped its design, making its website look more like its Android and iOS mobile apps. The refresh also introduces topicspecific alternatives to its news feed. Did you notice the change? Sorry URL seems to be incorrect . Hi Navin, URL is now fixed. Thank you Many of the cities are being digitised. when can we have BBC ent? It has been three and half months since we lost the channel
Mobile phones that fold, razor thin handsets powered by flexible batteries or seethrough solar panels built directly into colourful screen. These visions of our mobile future could all soon become reality thanks to the wonder material known as graphene
Space exploration has long been about reaching far off destinations but now there is race to exploit new frontiers by mining their minerals. Google has offered $20m grand prize to the first privatelyfunded company to land robot on the moon and explore the surface by moving at least 500 metres and send high definition video back to Ea by 2015.
BBC Autos presents survey of some of the most memorable cars that, like James Dean, burned hot and died young.
London taxi driver takes on Mumbai legendary traffic jams without air conditioning in the stifling heat and the fierce competition from autorickshaws.
A lot of the footage of the Russian meteorite was captured on socalled dash cams installed in cars. But why do so many people in Russia have them and what else have they captured? Here are ten other amazing events captured by these devices the russian people knew that this would happen so they fitted dashcams in their cars they are far sighted like President Vladimir Putin.
Is it time for wearable computers? We have gradually accepted more and more intrusive forms of technology. Is the sma watch the next logical step? if it can resist the chicken gravy would spill on it, eventually. Yes, I think it is
BBC looks at the changing balance of wealth between young and old, and profile some of the young ultrawealthy like Suhas Gopinath, respected CEO while still teenager. Are our young entrepreneurs the exceptions or do emerging economies really offer better chances to the young? BBC Ente ainment has been discontinued in India One good British channel and it has stopped
Why is junk food so addictive? A group of insiders and whistle blowers speak out
By the time the Maha Kumbh Mela comes to close on 10 March, local authorities estimate that some 100 million pilgrims will have cleansed their sins in the holy waters at the confluence of the Ganges and Yamuna Rivers in Allahabad. But while bathing in the rivers is highlight of the mela festival , held every 144 years, there is much more taking place on shore.
What went wrong for Da Vader and his crew in the decisive battle at the sta of Empire Strikes Back?
Are light bulbs the future of mobile phone networks? It might seem like an odd question, but that is one of the suggestions for building the mobile networks of the future
Take look at the wristwatches, mobile devices and even baby strollers that automakers are lending their brand names to
Fake girlfriend for hire? Check out how our repo er Dave Lee paid for makebelieve love on Facebook
Good morning lovely fans in India. The Sundarbans meaning beautiful forest in the local Bengali dialect is the largest mangrove forest in the world. We reveal the wildlife this strange and magical forest suppo and explore the hidden strengths that make it such an effective coastal defense in this video
If you have ever wondered why people arms and legs twitch suddenly as they are drifting off to sleep, our resident psychologist Tom Stafford has the answer.
Beyond the spo car, there is the supercar. And beyond the supercar lurks the rarest animal on the road the hypercar. Check out some of the most expensive and impressive outlier hypercars available everytime you post something like this it reminds me of TG which makes me hate you but just cant . above incredible dzines
The Comment Group are behind some of the highest profile cyberattacks in recent years. But how do they do it? what we need is BBC ent. Giving loads of other information really annoy us
Sta your day with spicy traditional Sri Lankan breakfast before setting out to explore the temple ruins at Medirigiriya and the ancient city of Anuradhapura.
Selling the world largest microcar collection Small, quirky and exceedingly rare, the cars of the Bruce Weiner Microcar Museum go on sale.
Sri Lankan monks told to watch diet. Fears that monks in Sri Lanka are increasingly contracting dietrelated diseases such as diabetes has prompted the authorities to devise special menu for the clergy.
How will we get around the cities of the future? The 21st century city will need to be built around efficient, lowemitting mass transit. How can this best be achieved, especially with existing infrastructures? Bring back the channel Plz No apologies email please only on air channel please. exactly prodution production has lead to hell on ea th alarm is ticking we shuld conserve more then we produce
Thousands of Indian women are having their wombs removed in operations that campaigners say are unnecessary and only performed to make money for unscrupulous private doctors.
How did ists and dreamers from the past imagine the modern world? The history of the future in images
Would you suppo proposal for day each year when we all vow not to touch anything made of plastic? its impossible, sorry to say, have already touched keyboard plastic .
Carved through the Himalaya mountain range in 1987 and opened to foreign travellers in 1989, the 500km highway between the towns of Manali and Leh in no hwest India has become premier mountain challenge for intrepid cyclists, presenting one of the highest and most starkly beautiful rides in the world. Cycle through the Himalayan highway with us
Vegetarians cut hea risk by 32 . Ditching meat and fish in favour of vegetarian diet can have dramatic effect on the health of your hea , research suggests.
The lost and found Hindu pilgrims at the Kumbh Mela with the help from officials and volunteers who are responsible for reuniting them with their friends and family. Keep up the good work Why dont they just decide to meet back home if they get lost. Is it memory loss or something?.
Sta your day in an indulgent way with one of these temptingly tasty, goodforyou recipes. Breakfast for champions we love to share.
A new world racing championship aims to change the perception of electric cars and expose the aggressive side, via BBC Future
An initiative of India Self Employed Women Association to replace traditional kitchen stoves with more energy efficient ones is aiming to reduce the number of women and children affected by respiratory illnesses. The new cookers use much less wood and produce less smoke, bringing both health and environmental benefits. It is indeed great step, but needs to provide the stoves across all the villages of India its energy conservation.
This year the BBC is looking into the future, finding out what it holds for health, education, transpo and even love. We asked six ists from around the world to share their vision with us What surprise .
Cocktails, meals for two, beautiful bakes and aphrodisiacs all the recipes you need for romantic Valentine Day celebration tomorrow.
Millions of Hindu holy men and pilgrims have arrived in the no hern Indian city of Allahabad to take pa in the 55day Kumbh Mela festival. Most, like Mahant Ram Naresh Giri ji, are there for religious reasons. Find out why these pilgrims are attending the Kumbh in our picture slideshow
Steam cars are fast, clean and energy efficient. So why did we stop using them? BBC History investigates suddenly people began to think, steam cars should only run on tracks so they stopped. Avi Agarwal, check this out .
A group of dolphins help dying companion. Never seen before, scientists describe what they witnessed in recently published scientific paper BBC Ente ainment, please come back to India Missing the channel so much . Its very nice behave with their own
Cant wait for Acura to put the NSX into production? Check out this British alternative. It just as satisfying and available now The front is nice. wat car. vry cool car . want this. its really ssexy looking car, want dis in my garage
Missing Sherlock and his mysteries? Watch the most amazing moments from the world greatest detective here Is this series ?. Hi Abhijit, no it isnt series but it compilation of the best moments from Sherlock. Enjoy . WOW it cool
If youre vegetarian or reducing the amount of meat you eat, get an iron boost from our ironrich, veggie favourites
Frequent flyer programmes used to be sma way to travel on budget, but policy and management changes mean many of the deals arent anything like they once were. Do you still earn frequent flyer miles? If so, do you feel youre getting your money wo h?
BBC Autos presents some of the most memorable automotive stunts ever performed.
To avoid traffic jams, Colombia bars ce ain vehicles from roads during peak hours. The programme is effective, but polarising. Has the government gone too far in its effo to manage the flow of traffic?
The most impressive pictures from the worlds of science and technology this week including robot that can sniff out pollen levels, and WWIIera fighter in scenic surroundings.
The new BBC Spo app is the spo fan guide to live spo news, video highlights, scores, stats, fixtures and results, curated by the BBC team of spo journalists. Now available for all iOS devices. Go download yours today.
India Kumbh Mela dip raised Ganges river pollution. Pollution levels rose alarmingly in the river Ganges in Allahabad on the first day of the Kumbh Mela festival, according to study by the state pollution control board. Cmon its India Its tradition against god creation. so what is solution.?. it is serious one wht do know abt india,dweep mustang?. pls come back on indian telly.
How and why do we pick our friends? Studies of dolphins, primates and humans show the reason we choose the companions we do is more complex, and perhaps less honorable, than we might think. Relaunch BBC ente ainment here, maybe?. Hi Soham, thank you for your continued suppo . The decision to withdraw the channel was not an easy one to take but we hope that youll stay with us on this page where we will update you on ways to continue to enjoy BBC programmes and brands in India Hi Su Nita, thank you for your feedback. Stay with us on this Facebook page and well be updating you on the new ways to enjoy your favourite BBC programmes and content on various platforms. More exciting things to come. . More exciting things to come really? But when? It has been two months since BBC Ent. shut down Hi Ravi, yes really Coming soon, we promise. Thank you for your patience and stay tuned BBC Ent. Coming soon Im on cloud nine Perhapes they love each other
The price of land in India has risen hugely in value over the last 20 to 30 years. This dramatic rise in the value of land in India has resulted in growing number of families of Indian origin returning from the UK to cash in on their inheritances. But many discover that the land is either sold, occupied or disputed resulting in bitter feuds and lengthy legal battles Incredible India .
McLaren has released an official video of its prototype P1 testing on track. Fire happens Nice Car Looks More Like The Good Old Maclaren F1 Yohan Mathew . .
Development of the successor to the McLaren F1 continues new pictures released of the McLaren P1. Just look at that rear wing wow ww what car. 2. Awesome car.
Want to find out more about the TARDIS exciting new interior? Check out the pa interview with Doctor Who Production Designer Michael Pickwoad on the BBC Doctor Who website
The Kumbh Mela festival has been held on the banks of the Ganges for thousands of years. It is at its largest once every 12 years when it attracts tens of millions of people. The BBC Geeta Pandey is in Allahabad, and has been giving regular updates on how the day progressed. it is the largest than any other fare in the world. incredible india. m proud of our incredibale India this fare have its international appearance.
Ever wondered how drivethrough worker would respond to driverless car? Us neither, but this bloke did, and he caught it on video
What would happen if Batman met Iron Man? I think Batman might eventually defeat Ironman bcos, Batty is more coolheaded and calculative while Iron man is more of shootfirstthinklater guy. But besides that, they are both Billionaires so it should be more of Battle of Wits
A supercar fit for super heroes Check out the Acura NSX Concept The Avengers car
India stateowned railway operates 7,000 passenger trains and carries some 13 million passengers daily. Photographer Ronny Sen has been taking pictures of passengers who travel in the crowded second class carriages. Check out the beautiful photo slide show here quee is pa of life in india where ever go find que every where this is actual india fir we proudly say yes we indian muslim.
Are you ve ically inclined? Himalayan dream trips and how to make them reality. whn comin back ??????. Hi Apurv and Abhishek, were very sad to go. The decision to withdraw the channel was not an easy one to take but we hope that youll stay with us on this page where we will update you on ways to continue to enjoy BBC programmes and brands in India
So, how much is the original 1960s Batmobile wo in auction? Hit the link to find out
Few in the west have heard of Swami Vivekananda, who was born 150 years ago. Yet this Bengali intellectual, still revered in India, introduced many people to yoga and meditation. I like his nice quote adjust acomidate bare injury bare inselt It is highest saadhana . Great .
Check out the oneoff concepts and littleseen models found inside the Porsche Museum shiny new storage facility.
One of the best known pieces of dietary advice is to eat five po ions of fruit and vegetables day. But where did it originate?
These three space travel companies are hoping to propel paying passengers into lunar orbit as early as 2013. If you could afford the price tag, would you go? www.bbc.comtravelblog20121025thefutureofspacetourism?OCID fbbbcindia oh yes, no questions asked .
Happy New Year to all our fans in India We look forward to spending the year ahead with you, and hope you stay with us as we continue to share the best of the BBC in your region. Enjoy New Year Eve celebrations whatever you are doing, and see you in 2013 come back to India. Happy new year to you Bring BBC Ente ainment India back online Please . Thank You so much ,We all wish you the same and look forward for the channel to re launch in India soon Come back. Top gear new year special will be missed . what the heck? Didnt you quit broadcasting here?. seriously are you gonna be back ?I was promised Series of Doctor Who please BBC Ente ainment India come back . bcoz the channel has stopped broadcasting in india so? M missing top gear. come back . Theyll be back . Same to you. Please come back to india. V missing top gear, sherlok, and doctor who. The million dollar question , when can we have the channel?. But arent sharing anymore . We cant wait to see you in 2013 too Please come back A true Indian will have his new year happy only when our women will safe the society,the law the government will do exactly the same as they talk.Anyways happy new year to n plz come back to India atleast on DTH as they are already digital I guess missing BBC badly come back in the next year please. Are you blokes coming back? Well, if so thats excellent news Please do come back, youre amongst the only three or four Channels that I watch with pleasure, excitement and anticipation. Out of all the guff that Tata Sky dishes out to us, you stand out like gem amongst common pebbles I have Hathway CAS connection and they have switched off bbc ent last month. I am missing graham no on show and secret millionaire. Plz tell them to bring back . make it ur new year resolution to cme back to India .
A five thousand year epic. For over two millennia, India has been at the centre of world history. But how did India come to be? What is India? These are the big questions behind this intrepid journey around the contemporary subcontinent.
If Christmas TV is sta ing to grate, instead get upclose and personal with the wildest and most beautiful pa of our planet. Narrated by Sir David Attenborough, our groundbreaking series Planet Ea is available to own on DVD. One for the whole family Where do I get this . Hi Yuma, if you click on the link, you can purchase the Planet Ea DVD online. .
Has the festive season taken its toll? Is it time for bit of detox? How about no talking, no full meals after noon and 10 hours of meditating day? BBC Travel Amy Karafin experiences monastic cave life in the western state of Maharashtra. www.bbc.comtravelfeature20120925followingthebuddhaaroundbombay Wow so beautiful, really hope to go one day .
Enjoying your Christmas break? Here something to make your day even better. Satisfy your Top Gear craving here
From everyone here at the BBC, wishing you Merry Christmas and best wishes for Happy New Year Bring back the channel That is my christmas wish . Same to you all. . _. _ _ _, . ,__ . _ _ , , . , , , Happy flower fullllll happy day Allll ways keep smiling Ha hha hhha happy christmaas. Come back BBC Would be perfect Christmas if you do,. wish guys are back that all wanted from santa this xmas . SAME TO YOU FOR BOTH. same to just come back dats my christmas wish my favourite channel my favourite show doctor who . Wish U the same. When can we have BBC ent?. Wish also Merry Christmas D. Please Come Back and make it really Happy New Year for all of us
Unpredictable, colourful and full of discoveries that was 2012 for Lonely Planet. Altogether, an excellent year for travelling. Was it the same for you? We look back on the year that was 2012 with the help of the expe over at Lonely Planet HQ.
Calling all food connoisseurs Is it time for Christmas cocktail? How does Ginger Apple Punch sound or maybe Spiced Bloody Mary? Let the expe over at GoodFood.com get you into the festive spirit with their guide to great festive tipples. Is there any chance we can watch the doctor who christmas special Sounds exuberantly amazng.
Want to give someone the world? With books on China, India, Uruguay and the volcanic Aeolian Islands, check out BBC Travel lastminute gift guide for presents in print
Still looking for gifts for the gadgetlover in your life? Check out BBC Travel gift guide and impress any techsavvy traveller. Who doesnt need solar powered charger?
Seemingly unhappy with the revelations in The Stig The Untold Story, our tame racing driver has been spotted taking matters into his own hands in Watford branch of Tesco
Look back at some magical moments from Dr Who Christmas past
12 wolves stalking, 11 Narwhals gliding, 10 bison blowing, ducks diving It Ea Files with very special festive countdown introducing the wildest days of Christmas
Mumbai may be best known as the home of Bollywood but in recent years the city has sta ed to lay claim to growing and passionate indie music scene. Or so says BBC Travel Rajini Vaidyanathan, repo ing from live music venue the Blue Frog Do you agree with her? Let us know
By popular demand, the Knowledge Quiz Contest has been extended. Let see if you have what it takes Click here to play while it lasts and stand chance to win LCD TV and other prizes. dear bbc ent there is some malware in the link have posted, its infected. kindly clear it. Hi Dinkar, weve tried out the BBC Knowledge Quiz app and it works perfectly. However, the Quiz contest has ended on 18th Dec but well have more coming up
Outrageous cars, incredible visuals, iconic world locations and truly unbelievable stunts this app is everything youd expect from the Top Gear team Give your week jump sta Android version coming soon
TopGear Awards 2012. It back. It unforgiving. It remorseless. It all in this month TopGear Magazine. Out now Truly bold Id say. Loved it .
Some say he likes to do his Christmas shopping early to avoid the queues All we know is, he called The Stig Available in india ?.
Are you filled with fun facts and trivia? Ace our quiz and no one will ever question your knowledge again. Click here to play and stand chance to win LCD TV and other exciting prizes
Happy Wednesday and congratulations on getting halfway through the week If you need something to give you bit of push to the Friday finish line, check out our Dr Who YouTube channel right here on the interweb. If only he could work some time machine magic for us all
Wo more than billion dollars to the city economy, Mumbai film industry makes more than 1,000 movies each year. BBC Travel meets Neeta Lulla, costume and fashion designer whose work across nearly 300 Bollywood movies has made her almost as famous as the celebrities she dresses
Do you want more Top Gear in your life? Of course you do Download the Top Gear News App and have the latest news, videos and random nonsense beamed directly to your device of choice. And the best bit? It absolutely free. BBC Ente ainment India Still active on FB while shutting down the broadcast here?. BBC Ente ainment, please come back onair Hi Destiny Awaits, yes we are still active on Facebook We hope you stay with us as we share details on how you can continue to enjoy the best of the BBC in India Why dont you guys thrash Jeremy Clarkson and hire someone who can crack jokes without pointing on others precisely without pointing on someone culture. .
Would you like to help us shape the future of the BBC new websites? If you live in India, China, Japan, Singapore or Australia and have 20 minutes to spare, we want to hear your thoughts. Please take this survey
Would you like to help us shape the future of the BBC new websites? If you live in India, China, Japan, Singapore or Australia and have 20 minutes to spare, we want to hear your thoughts. Please take this survey
What that Watson? Sherlock is no longer available on BBC Ente ainment? Mystery solved The sleuthing series is available to buy on DVD. I mean, Oh nice oh, it shows Out of Stock.? . Thanks for letting us know Divya Kedia Weve worked some magic and the DVDs are now available .
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson in action
BBC Travel spends the day in one of the most densely populated corners of the planet busy, buzzing, and ambitious Mumbai why yr broadcasting has stopped on Tatasky pls let me. Hi Ritesh, sorry to say BBC Ente ainment no longer broadcasts in India. You can find more information on the announcement here thanks for update,,its very disappointing news. indeed BBC ea and nature series were one of the reasons for me to switch to paychannels . Youre welcome. Stay with us on this page for news of how to continue enjoying the best of BBC content in India . request BBC to telecast their iplayer in india there were some awesome programs which like in BBC iplayer. Hi Vijay Chowdary Maddineni, great to hear We are looking into it, and will announce new launches as soon as we can
Get over the midweek blues by cooking up storm From the ultimate chocolate cake to fiery chilli con carne, take your pick from the hundreds of triedandtested recipes on BBC Good Food. what is the reason Cbeebies closed in india, My daughter loves those programes Hi Veeresh, you can find details of the announcement here when you will come back we miss you . Guys plz bring BBC Ente ainment channel back cant watch all other desi English channels anymore plz wanna pay more for it plz bring it back it our only connection to UK after coming back frm there .
We know lot of you will miss Top Gear, but help is at hand Relive some of the boys biggest challenges, and check out bunch of stars doing their thing in reasonably priced cars, right here on the Top Gear YouTube channel. . This sucks . Please come back BBC Ente ainment We miss you . Youtube cannot replace the whole show plus my laptops too small compared to my 60 inch plasma. thanx alooooooooooooottttttt. Life without Cbeebies my 22 month old boy is almost having withdrawal symptoms Well, they dont have full episodes What about the new season in Jan 2013 . It is ironical that the day I had dish tv installed so that I could watch TG, the whole channel shut down. My wife had such laugh at this And I am seriously contemplating having the new cable disconnected . The you tube shows that those videos are not available in India
Happy Tuesday India, thanks for staying with us Although we are all sad to see the channel close, we are going to do our best to share details with you about how you can continue to enjoy the best of the BBC in India. From deep in the Borneo rainforest to the bottom of the ocean, jump into BBC Ea brand new YouTube channel today Ea Unplugged and meet your planet Are you coming up with new channel , coz deep void will be left if you guys leave . . just tie up with any channel, NGC, Discovery for shows like Planet Ea etc. and any popular ent. channel for BBC hour for ente ainment shows loads of Indians still unaware of Dr. Who, Sherlock, Yes Minister, Merlin I miss guys . Loads of channel are available to watch, but none matches BBC Ente ainment . I wanna see Top Gear. You guys just cant leave like this . Heard your employees were sacked without prior notice. That sad thnx alot. one for topgear please. Dont know the reason why you left, But the weekend was very different without this channel. I used to enjoy the BBC ea documentaries. I wish you consider reopening. what abt Come Dine With Me? . THIS IS CRUEL. Thanks lot . Hiya Beeb this might seem like strange request, but before you went off air, there was promo you aired for BBC Ea h. The one in which Sir David says So close, yet so far. Could you please direct me to that promo clip? Cheers . Any way I can see, Come Dine with me ? Thanks where can we watch DOCTOR WHO. Hi all, wed like to thank every single one of you for your suppo of the channel. Were very sad to go. The decision to withdraw the channel was not an easy one to take but we hope that youll stay with us on this page where we will update you on ways to continue to enjoy BBC programmes and brands in India. You can find details of the announcement here Hi Swaminathan Guru, with regards to your earlier feedback, we would like to assure you that this was not the case. We worked hard to work with staff fairly, with respect and in accordance with the law. Its wo knowing that 60 of our staff have moved onto other oppo unities within the BBC Hi Priyanka Patkar and Vidya Nair, we hear ya. You can catch episodes of Come Dine with Me here Hi Mita Salvi Dogra, check this out for all your favorite Doctor Who episodes Stay tuned on this page as well update you on more ways you can enjoy your favorite BBC programmes where can watch new episodes of graham no on show. Hi Dinkar, thank you for your interest. You can catch some of the programme clips at . My daughters were hooked to cbeebies nw wht ? U can make elders understand Wht about my little dolls It very sad D only kids Chanel thy enjoyed .
Snapshots from the last great wilderness on the planet.
For all you Stig fans out there
No action hero in cinema history is as well known for his cars as James Bond. As the cinema character celebrates his half century, Top Gear looks at his amazing history with machines on wheels. Here are some snapshots.
Some of the best moments captured from BBC Ea po rait of humankind
Today marks the last official day BBC Ente ainment is on air in India. Wed like to thank every single one of you for your suppo of the channel. Were very sad to go. The decision to withdraw the channel was not an easy one to take but we hope that youll stay with us on this page where we will update you on ways to continue to enjoy BBC programmes and brands in India. all the best keep Rocking Providejobs too . oh crap why? businesspolitics _. What the hell? This is one of the only channels that provides quality ente ainment Why?. sad indeed how do still enjoy this channel on payment??or on the internet?? pl adv j.p.singh. It is really sad. We will definitely miss you. Good luck in all your endeavors ok bye pls do come up with Hindi channel airing programmes with quality content for Indian viewers sad to see you go, BBC Ente ainment Had come to rely on so many programs from you, most of all Top Gear . Thank you and we hope to see you soon. We will indeed miss the absence of quality programmes from BBC What the hec and why such decision it wo hy channel to be watched I am feeling so sad that we dont get good channels in India and BBC quality and now going also away I am really feeling pain . Yeah I was surprised looking at the little scroll at the bottom. Gonna miss this channel lot. No other place to watch Dr Who and Topgear Why? I lost of my fav chanal, It mean 1of my fav program The Secret Millionarie I cant watch ,very sad Will Miss The Quality British Shows Like Sherlock, Doctor Who and Top Gear. All of them arrived just after their UK broadcast and not like other channels where they air the show in India after the complete season had finished abroad. Adios BBC Ente ainment India. Kindly allow us to watch your various bouquet of programs online without Location or IP restrictions it was good till it lasted Hope you come back is there any chance of return . Sad stuff. Wonder why this is happening. Sad to see this go. Really enjoyed the channel. Thanks for the ente ainment Please dont go I cant miss my fav show Extreme Make Over Home Edition please dont go. My fellow citizens lets fight for we shouldnt loose such fine channel we dont get good quality of ente ainment we lost TNT earlier also TCM and now BBC this is such gross . But why???? . I loved BBC Graham No on and Top Gear and Come Dine With me Oh myy.
ARE YOU READY? Top Gear Series 18 premieres with the India Special, Wednesday 1st February 11PM, only on BBC Ente ainment it all about my pink city Wll we get to see the toilet seat?. Tune in to find out . will we get to see the WHOLE show or again the commercials will be filled fr half the time, ? . I still cant believe you guys are going to show the 18th season. Wow
Need reminder for your favourite shows? Click on et Reminder for the show, and we will send you text message 15 mintues before it sta Have fantastic weekend, India BBC Ente ainment India
MERRY CHRISTMAS INDIA Here hoping your spreading the joy & cheer with your Family and friends. Have wonderful Christmas and very happy New Year Merry jerry christmas bbc ent. india. merry christmas. Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you too BBC Greetings I guess havent got holidays from the company, that why you are here updating company page p. Merry Xmas everyone . Have jolly Christmas everyone D.
The Royals are coming to your telly this Christmas You enjoyed our coverage of the Royal Wedding, and were bringing you highlights of this megaevent Celebrate with Will & Kate on our exclusive weekend special, SATURDAY & SUNDAY at 12 noon Christmas with the Royals nice couple , wish them marry xmas.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way It almost Christmas Day HAPPY HOLIDAYS INDIA happy holidays to all ppl who are associated with bbc and dont forget to have blast Cheers.
Here is our EXCLUSIVE interview with Russell Peters You asked the questions and here are the answers. Put your feet up and enjoy amazing truth contest.
Dont forget It your last chance to ask your questions to JAY SEAN, RUSSEL PETERS, ANOUSHKA SHANKAR & MEERA SYAL. We will have EXCLUSIVE access to the Asian Awards on Tuesday and we will ask them your questions and all the answers will be posted EXCLUSIVELY right here Will you be one of the lucky ones whose questions feature on the videos? Post them NOW
